okay and on .. on the weekends what do you do on a weekend?
okay okay and what about hobbies in general? your hobbies?
okay
before start sending your kid to school have you ever taught him for example parents may teach their kids one or two words for example give me a kiss or something like that so what did you use to tell him? what did you teach him? in english or in arabic? and why?
okay okay regarding reading you said that you like reading which quote do you like the most or is always on your mind?
okay okay would you tell us about .. about a book that you have read or the last book you have read? or any book that you have read? which thing do you remember the most?
okay okay do you generally listen to english songs or arabic ones?
what was your bachelor about? the bachelor project was about what?
okay okay was it your dream job to work as a teacher assistant ta at the university or what was on your mind?
you told me that you have traveled before in .. in africa right?
have you traveled to another place?
okay what is it you remember the most? the most .. the most place you have been to and the most place you have seen and you liked so much that you still remember till now and you will never forget?
okay when you traveled did you make friends i mean did you make friends?
what is the most prominent moment that you felt was a turning point in your life in general since long time ago?
okay what was the change in your personality or i mean i mean before before it and after it.
okay there is .. there is a question that i want to read to you as it is because we are teaching in general would you rather be loved or respected?
would you like people to deal with you and do something for you because they like you or because they have to .. they have to respect you
okay well and why why do you feel that people come and easily talk to you?
do you face such situations?
or do you feel ..
okay .. when .. do you feel difficulty when talking to people from a different social level? lower or higher?
okay well that .. that is to .. impress the other or to make him feel that i can speak this language
well are there other situations where you spoke in english to show others that you understand but actually you are talking about a topic that you do not understand well?
i mean because some people may use this way to hide
for example all of us have done that in .. in evaluation of for example projects
i can keep talking while i do not even understand
what do you like the most about your character? in your way?
okay can you live without a mobile?
well  can you choose anything and convince me with it? anything for example i'm i'm met like you were met choose for example to .. to .. to work for example ta or to go for a company? anything and convince me with it
you convinced me, you convinced me because i was thinking of that
merci merci
okay can can you tell us where were you born?
or or did you go to national or international school your education generally?
okay what was your major or the university, it's not important the name of the university itself, what is your major i mean you study scope?
okay and what was your bachelor project?
can you tell us what do you do in your day when you wake up in the morning?
your daily routine
i mean your daily routine generally how does your day go where do you go you drive the kids you go to work something like that.
okay
okay what was the most quote that you have read that you like or which is remarkable for you quote?
is there any piece of quote that you like in general?
okay well okay well who is your favorite artist? which artist do you like watching the most or reading for generally?
is there somebody .. in a certain thing .. is there any specific person or is there not?
okay okay sport?
favorite sport?
okay  okay so when you were at the university in general were you enrolled in clubs or were you in scout or anything of that sort?
okay well can you tell us what the role was about and which department you were in, for instance which project were you working on and so on?
okay well okay do you like listening to english or arabic songs?
which movie do you like most?
nothing?
okay
okay
okay do you you have kids or so?
okay  okay
which job do you want to have?
did you wish to have another job?
or what was your dream job generally back at the university and back at school?
okay
why?
okay
what if one day, let's suppose that it can happen, which is not applicable, what if you choose to be a student again would you do that or would you still prefer that you have passed such phase.
i mean many said before that they do not like that they yes it was more comfortable and easier but we do not want to go back to being students
do you still talk and interact together or when yo return back?
in this trip, what were you doing?
master's for example or?
okay okay well can can you tell us about your phd can we hear about it?
okay no problem
okay okay is there a place you want to travel to apart from for example germany that you have already visited or have you traveled another trip?
is there a place that you haven't yet visited and would like to go to?
okay why is that?
are there reasons?
are there reasons for that?
okay
okay okay can you tell us about your last trip to egypt or so where have you gone to?
what did you do?
i mean briefly
okay
do you like the place there or what have you visited for example?
okay
okay but there is definitely a time or moment that made you change your mind or change for example for example your university major
you changed something that made you think differently
have you faced something like that or was life moving smoothly
okay
okay so a tough question is there a main role model role model in your life?
someone in specific?
okay
okay
okay i will read the question as it is in a class or in general would you rather be liked or respected?
okay do you feel like you are an easy person to talk to or not?
okay
do you feel it is difficult to deal with people from different social level?
higher or lower
do you feel the situation
do you not feel like when we're talking to people from a lower social level that you are not talking in the same way you would use with other people for example?
so he may not understand me if i talk in english or if i said anything he would not understand me
or do you know how to deal with it immediately that once the person i'm talking to does not understand i will talk to him normally?
okay okay
okay
i do not understand
okay okay what's the primal thing that makes you stressed?
you get stressed when it happened?
okay how do you handle such a situation?
okay okay did it happen before that while you were talking to someone or for instance when you were a student during an evaluation or so you were talking about a topic that you don't understand well so you were talking in english or alternating languages or showing the other person that you understand well?
so you used to do that?
almost all of us
okay and how did the other person react?
so he believed that you understand well or did he keep pressuring you with questions and no but how and so on?
okay okay did you do the same just to make others feel that is to impress others?
i mean if there is for example actually there was someone who said that he did so at at school for a school interview to be able to to enroll his son to school so he had to speak english in the interview and so on?
so did you need to do that to make the other people get impressed or something of that sort?
okay
well, can you do without a mobile?
why?
okay
okay that's it okay merci.
okay that's it
okay would you .. would you please tell us about your background for example where were you born and what did you study .. i studied at .. where and so on, it's not important to mention the school name but is it international school, national, what was the language? and so on
okay where are you originally from? from cairo or not from ..?
okay okay what is your bachelor about?
okay okay what is your .. is your favorite sport the one you play the most.
okay okay how often do you play basketball?
in general how long have you been playing?
okay what is the most movie favorite movie you like? and why? or can you please briefly tell us about it
okay would you please tell us briefly about it .. if you like
okay
would you like most to be a freelancer or to work in a field that you like?
okay okay  have you done before  internships or have you worked before a part-time or full-time job or anything of that sort?
okay
why is that? why did you accept that opportunity?
would you please tell us about .. about .. about the one you liked the most and the one where you did many activities it is not necessary to be the last one
the most place i did activities in was aswan
okay
okay
okay do you like reading?
okay okay  could you tell us about for example about certain time in your life when you feel that it is a turning point or made you think in a different way not .. you were doing something or thinking or something and you suddenly completely change your mind
okay  in your part-time job that you were doing or in the internships or in the university do you much prefer to work on a team or to work individually and to be in charge of everything?
okay well and .. how to be a team leader and how to encourage the team and that they should be .. if someone was okay with working then he failed to continue, how should i encourage him?
you mean if i have another role model in real life?
do you prefer that people do you a favor because they like you or because they have to respect you as they believe that they do this because they respect you?
good
do you that you are an easy person to talk with and to have a friendly talk with or you need ice breaking for some time?
why?
so people don't talk with you easily and don't get used to you.
okay
even if you don't interact with people in an education context, you will meet in an event or something.
okay
well okay
what they usually tell you that he always does this
for example, you don't sit with us.
okay and have you .. used english in the middle of your speech so that people in front of you .. you .. think that okay you're in a higher social level definitely?
okay.what makes you very stressful?
okay, well  you can choose anything and persuade us to do.
anything, anything like traveling or working.
for example, we are here at the .. university and we haven't traveled abroad so why did you travel abroad?
persuade me as i was not convinced to travel abroad.
no.
because they .. didn't pay what other people paid to learn
they didn't exert the same effort that other people had exerted to learn.
yes, the play it and they like it but at the end they got paid more than other people that really worked hard in education so this is what affects the future.
i can't say because it depends on work, field and position.
no, definitely i don't know.
of course one like a manager team for example an engineer will earn a better salary than anyone else who's having a different job.
for example
international laugh
okay thank you
okay can you tell us? where were you born? or where are you from?
where did you study? what was your education?
okay did you go to a national or an international school?
okay, what's your major at university?
what do you study in general?
tell us about your study.
okay, when did you choose your major?
when did you decide that you want computer science?
are you a member of clubs or scout or anything like a service organization and what are their objectives?
what do you do there?
well okay what's your favorite movie?
okay.
okay.
have you worked before part-time or full-time or have you attended an internship or something?
can you tell us about it?
when did you feel that this was a turning point that made you think differently now?
why did you feel that you weren't able to continue in architecture and that you decided to change?
okay
can you tell us about your role models in everything?
for example, you see this person as a role model in a certain field.
and another role model in a another field
no problem with that
this is normal.
is there anything else?
do you have any other role model in another fields?
do you feel that it's difficult to deal with people of a different social level maybe in a higher or a lower level?
okay well  what do you like the most about yourself? your way? your personality?
how do people see you as a weird person?
what makes you very stressed?
and how do you handle this?
okay well have you ever spoken about a topic that you didn't understand so you decided to speak english and to speak in a sophisticated way to show that you really understood everything.
okay
okay can you live without a mobile?
why? how? and everything?
okay, here's the last question, do you want to choose anything or try to choose anything to persuade us with?
anything, anything like traveling or working.
how so?
okay, alright
okay, thank you
okay  at first, can you tell us about your education? where were you born? where are you from? where were you living when you were at school then university and so on?
okay and .. and why did you choose that major in general? and .. why do you like this education? what did you learn, for example? and .. and what's your bachelor project now?
okay the second question was  what's the topic of your bachelor project?
okay can you tell us about any activities that you do such as student activities or scout or .. or clubs or anything and what was the target of doing it and what did you do what was the role .. what was your role and what projects did you work on?
do you like listening arabic or english songs?
okay well  have you ever thought when you will .. will be having kids, will you enroll your kids in a national or an international school?
what would you start teaching them when they are still young .. once they start talking?
okay well  what .. what is your dream job? what do you want work after you finish university?
okay, can you tell us about  a part-time or full-time that you have worked before or any internships that you have attended? how did you do that?
okay .. what's your favorite place that you still remember and you will never forget? i mean what's the scene that you liked the most here or abroad outside egypt? a place that you liked the most and you will never forget.
okay well  if you had the chance to live abroad  or to travel abroad for a scholarship or a job, would prefer traveling abroad or staying here?
okay  which situation when you felt that it was a turning point in your life that you started thinking differently after that?
okay do you consider yourself an easy person to talk with or that people can easily break the ice with you or .. they need time to get along with you?
you don't know how to speak or you may feel that you want to change your way of speaking?
okay  what quality do you feel that you have in your character? what quality do you feel that it's weird about you or what quality people feel that it's weird about you?
okay well  have you ever tried speaking english expressions with somebody about a topic that you don't understand to show that you understand everything?
can you live without a mobile?
here's the last question  choose anything to persuade us to do, anything.
anything, anything like traveling or working.
okay well thank you.
okay we can start by telling us where you are from?
and where were you born?
what was your education? was it a national or international school?
arabic or english?
what does it mean by your background.
okay you were majored in computer engineering .. what did you study?
and why .. why did you choose this major?
what about your bachelor? can you tell us about your bachelor project? what was your bachelor project? what did you do?
what's going in your mind now?
okay well do you like listening to english or arabic songs?
okay well do you like reading?
absolutely.
of course, the next question is about whether you have a favorite book or a story about a book that you like.
okay
as far as i think you aren't married, right?
okay.
one day which school would you choose for your children a national or an international school?
which one would you prefer?
what would you like them to learn?
which words do people teach to their kids to let them know these words?
if you're in their shoe, which word would you teach them?
will you teach them english?
will you teach them arabic?
which words would you like your child to learn?
like for example, words like a kiss and things like that.
people use english in this context.
what would you like to use?
the question is as would you rather be liked or respected?
okay well
okay can you tell us about your part-time or full-time job or about the internships that you attended when you were a student at university?
have you traveled before?
okay well
okay can you tell us? where have you traveled to?
what's the most remarkable landscape or scene that you've seen and you will never forget and you will always remember? what's the best place that you have ever seen?
did you make friends when you traveled abroad?
if yes, are you still in contact with them or not at all?
okay is there any place that you want to see?
a place you really want to visit.
okay if you had the chance to travel abroad for a job or a scholarship, would you leave your work here and leave your life to travel abroad or you would say no, i want to stay here and not to travel?
can you tell us about you last vacation in egypt?
what was the last place you visited? what did you do there? what did you see there? which activities did you do? did you stay in a hotel?
you should say the name but can you tell us what it is and what his way was that you feel that you want.
okay well do you consider yourself an easy person to talk with or people find it difficult to break the ice with you?
or you need two or three days for ice breaking so that they can talk to you or it's easier than this?
okay do you find any difficulties when you deal with people of a different social level?
do you feel that you need to change your way?
okay so which character do you feel that you cannot deal with? i don't mean which person, but which character or personality you cannot get along with?
weren't you forced to mention sophisticated expressions during evaluations at university to make the ta feel that you understand everything so you will pass the project and the evaluation?
okay can you live without a mobile?
the last question is to choose anything and persuade us with?
anything
anything, teaching, a specific sport, anything.
okay merci
at first, can you tell us who you are?
where were you born?
did you learn at a national or an international school?
i mean your background in general?
what was your major at university?
and at what point did you choose this major?
why did you choose it?
okay can you tell us about the topics of your study?
what was your bachelor project about? how was it?
what does it discuss? what was the story of the book?
which quote do you like from a book or anything?
okay.when you will be having kids in the future, which school will you enroll your kids in a national or an international school?
which language will you go for; english, french or german? and why?
why did you choose this in particular?
which life do you prefer; working life or university life?
and if you got the choice or if you imagined that you would be a student again, would you like this or not?
can you tell us about your experiences with traveling abroad?
how long have you been there? where have you been to?
what do you remember the most? it's so most remarkable scene there and you will never forget this place?
okay and .. did you make friends when you're abroad? and are you still in touch? or you are no longer in contact?
okay is there .. any place you want to visit?
is there .. any place you want to visit?
okay, can you tell us? if you had the chance to travel abroad for a job or a scholarship but i think studying will not be interesting for you, would you travel abroad for a job or a scholarship or you would stay here?
i will read you the question as it is; would you rather be liked or respected?
whether in class or in general do you like people do you a favor because they like you or because they have to or they respect you?
can you mention a situation in an evaluation or at university or anywhere else when you talked about a topic that you didn't understand so you have to say sophisticated expressions and speak english just to show yourself and to pass this evaluation or this meeting actually?
okay when you did that in the interviews or evaluations at university, what was the reaction of the person in front of you?
did he believe you?
okay the last question is to choose anything and try to persuade him with? anything you want
okay well merci
thank you
okay can you .. you tell us first about your background?
where were you born? where are you from?
have you learned at a national or international school? english or arabic?
your background in general
okay what was your study about at university? what was your major?
why did you choose this major? or when ..? what .. what is this major i mean? when did you choose this?
okay when did you choose computer science?
when did you say or feel that you want to do this?
okay how was your study?
what do you study in the computer? hardware? software? how is it?
what is your bachelor project about? can you tell us about it?
okay  if you will be having children in the future, would you like to be enrolled in a national or an international school? which language would you like them to learn; english, french or deutsch?
which language would you like your children to speak it fluently?
have you traveled abroad before?
can you tell us? where have you been? .. how long have you stayed there? or .. what's the place that you remember that you liked it very much and that you wanted to go there once more because you really liked the landscape there?
when you traveled abroad, did you make friends? if yes, are you still in contact?
okay which place do you really want to visit?
why did you choose europe especially why didn't you choose america? why .. why .. is there anything specific you wanted to see there?
okay okay if you had the chance to travel abroad for a job or a scholarship, would you leave your work here or you would stay here because you hate traveling in general??
okay can you tell us about the best trip in egypt that you really liked the most? you can mention a place that you have visited in egypt where you had a great time there doing many activities .. and it was interesting.
i will read you the question as it is; would you rather be liked or respected?
you like people when they work with you ..
okay why? can you tell me why you don't like the idea that he made this for you because he liked you so he's going to make whatever you liked?
why you'd like to be respected more than anything else?
do you feel that it's difficult to deal with people of a different social level? do you feel that you can't deal with them? do you feel that you want to choose a way that they can understand? do you want to change your words or you speak spontaneously?
have you ever been in that situation in an evaluation at university or something and you were asked to talk about a topic that you didn't really understand so you would start mentioning sophisticated expressions in english okay so that the person in front of you would feel that you understand everything? have you tried this before?
and what was his reaction? he believed this or he decided to ask you more questions to know whether you understand or not?
okay well  can you live without a mobile?
how so and you can do everything on your mobile? how can you contact with people?
okay, here's the last question. can you choose anything and persuade us with? anything like studying masters, traveling abroad or anything else that you want to persuade us with?
i haven't told you what my project discusses. supposedly, you don't know what my project is about so when i explain it to you, you'll be able to know whether my project is useful or useless?
yes, i didn't read as much papers as i read so i knew how this influenced people?
this project is like a personality test that you can do or you can know how the person in front of you acts through it. this will influence the way .. you see the person in front of you and how he acts according to the way of speaking? so research-wise, this is so wide; it's not limited at all.
okay, you're the one who should convince me not i am the one.
for me, i do believe that my project is important.
you may be convinced but you don't say anything.
you kept asking me questions but i see that's it's important so you weren't convinced and you didn't say anything that i .. can be convinced?
plus this project will be used for  .. if the agencies take a lot of money from you to take something you need from you at work. i will make an application to convert the text into an audio or convert an audio into a text without paying anything because the application will be available.
so i think that this would save money for you and that you can study people.
did he think that you got convinced or not?
merci
okay, shall we start by telling us about your background?
where were you born? where are you from?
did you go to a national or an international school?
english or arabic
the background in general
okay
what's the .. the major that you are studying at university.
when did you choose this major? when did you feel that you will go for this major?
what did you study? mainly .. mainly what was your education about?
what do you learn at university?
and .. can you tell us about your bachelor project?
are you married?
okay, well in general would you love to enroll your children to a national or an international school?
which first language would you like them to learn; french, english or german? which one do you like most?
which words are you going to teach them first? i mean which language will you use to teach them the .. the .. the basic words? what were .. they, for example?
but when we asked people, most of them said that working life is a daily routine in a very different way .. but when you were a student, you had your free time for three months and you don't do anything except for doing whatever you want.
so actually working life may be better for you but how do you feel when it comes to the daily routine as you get up every day to go to work then you go back home, have some rest, eat then sleep to wake up early to go to work?
can you tell us if you have ever worked a part-time, full-time job or if you have attended any internships when you were a student? how was it in general? have you worked .. what was your duties .. in the internship or at work?
okay, well which place did you like the most in egypt, in general? would you like to visit this place one more time because you liked how the place looked like that you liked the environment there or the .. the .. the nature there and things like that?
okay okay which time did you feel that it's a turning point in your life that you used to think in certain way and then you started to think about the opposite thing or something totally different. you were %bt .. you decided to enroll in this major or to join another university and you totally changed your mind.
what happened .. what's the point that happened then .. how did it change your personality?
do you feel that you want to change your way? your way of speaking? do you need to deal with them in a different way?
okay, would you rather be liked or respected?
in class or life in general, at home or anything else?
you would like be respected or liked?
okay, once when you were a student at university or even any other situation .. when were in a job interview where you were talking about a topic that you don't understand that you can't speak about .. you don't know it well so you decided to speak english and say sophisticated expressions that the person in front of you feel that okay you really understand everything then he will change the topic?
okay
okay can you live without a mobile?
okay, the last question  can you choose anything .. anything you are convinced with to let us be convinced?
anything you want
for example we can study for our masters, we can travel, we can stay, or anything else?
okay, thank you
okay we can start with you telling us about your background
where are you from? where were you born?
did you go to a national or an international school?
english, arabic, french?
i mean the background.
okay.when you were at university, what was your major? and .. and why did you choose this major?
when did you choose this major? when did you decide that you will go for this major? why did you choose it? how was your study? tell us.
okay, this is a curious question. have you regretted the decision of changing or you haven't?
can you tell us about your bachelor project? would you mind telling us about the hyperloop?
i mean we knew what they are and how they work?
no
okay, do you like reading?
okay, don't you have a specific book in your mind or can you remember this book right now?
okay, well, do you like watching movies?
okay can you tell us what your favorite movie is, what's its story? how was it? when did you watch it? was it english or arabic?
yes, maybe a brief story
after university, what's your dream job? what do you want to work? .. why do you want this career in particular? why will you choose it?
okay, now we will discuss the place you want to live in and that's it.
okay have you attended any internships or had a full-time or part-time job? can you tell us about your duties?
okay when you look at your father's situation, do you prefer working life or university life?
which one do you prefer even if you don't experience the working life? would you feel that it will be more comfortable or better for you?
okay, well if you would like to travel abroad, which country will you go for? we have just mentioned the places that you want to visit or try or live there.
which moment do you consider a turning point in your life, where you changed your mind regarding your major? you have mentioned before that you changed your major but if you have other turning points or even the same turning point, how did this turning point change your personality?
do you prefer working in a team or individually handling anything on your own whether at university or at work?
okay, well, do you find any difficulties when you deal with people from a different social levels .. do you find it difficult that you have to change your way? you want to change the way you speak?
what unique quality do you have in your character that you like the most, what do you feel that you are .. very good at?
okay, did it happen before that you were talking to somebody at the university or anywhere else, while in an interview or an evaluation, and you were discussing a topic that you do not fully understand, or in an evaluation where you don't understand the project well, so you start talking in english and you use complicated words so the other person would think that you understand everything, and bye bye?
and did he .. believe that or he felt that you were saying nonsense ..?
okay, can you live without a mobile?
in general
can you live without a mobile or can you never hold your mobile?
no, in general, phone calls, mobile, internet and everything
okay, here's the last question. can you choose anything to persuade us with or anything that comes into your mind to persuade us with?
for example, persuade us to travel.
for example .. i am not convinced to leave egypt and travel abroad.
are you convinced to leave egypt and travel abroad?  for example
no, i .. traveled .. traveled abroad before and i have stayed two months there but after two weeks passed, i felt that i want to go back to egypt.
i .. i .. i feel that i am satisfied dealing with people here when it comes to the way i interact with them, hanging out or having fun.
life there was totally different.
so i feel that i am satisfied here.
thank you
can you tell us about your background? where were you born? .. did you go to a national or an international school? was it english or arabic? what languages can you speak?
okay, well and .. which major did you go for at university? when did you choose this major? what was your study about? how was it?
okay, well, since you're supposed to be in the bachelor semester, can you tell us about your bachelor project?
okay, what's your dream job? after university, have you thought what you want to be in the future .. what's your dream job? why did you choose this job?
okay, can you tell us about the internships that you have attended before or any part-time or full-time jobs that you have tried?
okay,  do you feel that it's difficult to deal with people of a different social level? you don't know how to deal with them and you need to change your way?
okay,  have you ever tried this before when you were in an evaluation where you were talking about a topic that you didn't really understand so you're forced to speak in english and to say sophisticated words okay so that the person in front of you felt that you understood everything already so he said bravo bye bye?
okay, can you live without a mobile?
okay, the last thing is to choose something and persuade us with?
okay, well, good, thank you
shall we start by telling us about your background? where are you from? where were you born? .. did you go to a national or an international school? was it english, arabic, french or deutsch? what about your background and your study?
okay, you didn't say that the school was .. teaching what languages there like english, french or deutsch?
okay .. okay when it comes to university life, after joining university, which major did you choose? why did you choose this major? when were you interested in this major? why did you choose this in particular? what is your study about in general? what are you studying?
when .. when did you decide this .. you have that there's a .. after the first year
okay  since you're supposed to be in the bachelor semester, can you tell us about your bachelor project?
okay
okay
okay, interesting
which movie do you like the most?
okay what's .. what's your dream job after university? what do you want to work? and why?
okay, can you tell us about .. any internships that you attended or any part-time or full-time job that you have worked recently during university?
okay .. are there any moments in your life that you consider a turning point, where you changed your mind, went for another major or for another university other than the one that you had chosen? did you feel that at this point, you actually turned all your thinking?
okay, when you were at university or at work, would you like working in teams or you would like to handle the project individually, working on your own?
okay,  do you feel that you're an easy person to talk with or not .. or they have to break the ice for some time?
okay, do you find it difficult when you deal with people of different social level? can't you deal with them? do you need to change the way you speak or the way you treat them?
okay, okay, have you ever tried this before when you were in an evaluation where they were talking about a topic that you didn't really understand so you're forced to speak in english and to say sophisticated words so that the person in front of you felt that okay you understood everything already so he said bravo bye bye, have you done this before?
okay
okay
okay
okay since you have convinced a friend of yours that you play playstation and you don't know how to play playstation at all or even know anything about it,  ..
can you choose anything and persuade us with, anything that comes into your mind or that you imagine to persuade us to do?
can you persuade us to travel more, to camp or to do anything else?
i .. i am busy working on my project.i don't have time for traveling.
okay we don't have enough time in the weekend to travel as we will spend half of the weekend in the road.
okay it takes us ten hours to travel, ten hours for a day only?
so we have traveled for two days and have stayed there for two days? aren't you going to sleep at that time?
i got convinced.
okay,  thank you.
shall we start by telling us about your background?
where are you from?
where were you born?
did you go to a national or an international school?
which languages did you study? arabic, english, french or deutsch?
okay, what about university? or i don't .. don't mean the university name that you have joined but what is your major?
what was your study about?
what your bachelor project about?
when did you choose this .. major or this field?
okay, when did you choose this .. this .. major you enrolled in?
and  what was your bachelor project about?
okay
okay
okay, in the future when .. when you will get married and have children, which school will you choose for them; a 3national or an international school?
would you like them to go to an english, arabic, french or deutsch school?
why would you like to choose something like that?
okay but .. what language .. first language would you like your children have in education, is it english?
okay, if you .. you haven't been .. haven't been a ta, what would have been your dream job?
what's your dream job when you were young?
okay, well, good
okay, can you tell us about your life at work in general? have you worked before in a different place whether it's a full-time or part-time job or did you attended any internships when you were .. were a student?
okay
okay when did you feel that it's a turning point? you were thinking about something but now you are thinking about something else, how that day or that time influenced your life or changed your way of thinking in general.
okay
why do you choose such people? what do you .. like about them?
that one who? .. what does he do?
some prefer that you have to respect me in class then it's up to you whether you liked me or you don't like, it's up to you.
some people say no, i will make you like me.
okay
okay
which trait do you prefer about yourself and you don't want to change because you like this about yourself?
which trait that makes you avoid him, if this person has this trait, you won't deal with him? i cannot deal with a person like that .. that has this trait.
okay, well, once when you were in an evaluation or anything and .. and .. and you were speaking about something that you don't understand so you have to speak english and you have to say difficult words so that the person in front of you feel that you understood everything?
okay, when you were a student at university and you had an evaluation and there was something that you didn't .. didn't .. didn't .. didn't .. study .. you didn't know it very well, what did you do at that time?
okay, can you live without a mobile?
no, look i don't have such skill so i won't choose it to persuade you to do
okay, well, thank you.
okay, shall we start by telling us about your background? where are you from? where .. were you born? did you go to a national or an international school? were the languages at this school english, arabic, deutsch or french, tell us?
okay, well
okay, do you prefer enrolling your daughter in a national or an international school? which language would you choose? why do you think of this? i mean what .. why .. why are you interested in this?
okay
they are few.
okay, is there any moment that you consider a turning point, where you totally changed your mind regarding something at this point?
okay, well .. well when you were a student at university, or even .. now, would you like to work in a team or individually to handle everything on your own?
if you .. you .. i mean you .. someone .. we like someone and we respect him but that what you want in class, for example to be respected and then to be liked or not liked it's up to you but i should be respected in class, for example, do you understand?
no, maybe, the .. the one who is liked should be respected but it's not necessarily the one who is respected is liked.
okay, do you .. find any difficulties when you deal with people of different social level or when you talk with them?
okay, well, which trait in you that you are happy with and you won't change forever; you want it to last forever?
okay, well .. well have you tried being in an evaluation or something when you were a student or when you were studying master's or anything but the evaluation or the topic that you were talking about you didn't understand very well so you would start speaking english saying difficult words just okay to pass this situation ..?
okay well, can you live without a mobile?
okay, communication-wise, how can you get in contact with people without .. a mobile in your life?
okay .. okay last thing can you choose anything you want and persuade us with, anything that you can imagine, maybe we can travel, or we can complete master's, or anything?
no, i got convinced. i am convinced in general.
okay, well, thank you.
okay, can you tell us about your background? where are you from? where were you born? and .. did you go to a national or an international school? were the languages there english, french, deutsch or arabic? what languages did you study there?
okay which languages did you learn the most? were there any other languages other than english and arabic?
okay, what .. what was your bachelor project about? how was your bachelor project? can you tell us about it?
okay, well, in the future, would you like to enroll your children in a national or an international school? what kind of school would you choose for them english, french or deutsch?
what will you be interested in?
okay if you .. you weren't a ta, what's your dream job after competing master's?
why do you want to go for this job?
okay, well  can you tell us about your .. your .. your full-time or part-time jobs that you have worked or internships that you have attended when you were a student?
okay, do you prefer working life or student life .. i mean you have to study and do things like that but you don't have the routine of working life?
okay, do you consider yourself an easy person to talk with .. and to break the ice with? or they should take two or three days for breaking ice in order to be able to talk with you?
do you feel that you need %t .. to change your way of speaking and you need %t .. %t to treat them in a different way that you didn't get used to?
social level as money-wise, as education-wise
what do you like most about yourself?
which trait do you want to have forever in you and you don't want to change because you like this .. this trait very much?
okay, which trait that people have that makes you avoid interacting with them?
i won't know .. won't know .. how can i have common things between me and him?
okay .. okay  what causes stress to you?
what situation  makes you feel that you are so stressed and you don't know what to do?
okay, the next question is how you get over this stress, so you answered actually  .
okay  have you tried this situation before when you were in an evaluation or anywhere else .. and you don't know what you are doing so you would speak in english and say topics .. sophisticated expressions so that the person in front of you felt that you understood everything.
yes, sometimes we do this in the projects or in the .. in the evaluation.
no, it's not fake.
okay  can you live without a mobile?
why?
why? what's its importance in your life?
anything
phd completion, traveling, staying in egypt, or anything
okay, shall we start by telling us about your background? where are you from? where were you born? where you born in egypt?
did you go to a national or an international school? was it english, arabic, deutsch or french? what about your background and your study? tell us
okay, well. what is your study at university about in general? what do you study?
i mean .. mean, for example, my major is all about computer systems, computer software and programs and so on.
what is your study mainly about?
have you decided or made the decision to go for this major, mechatronics?
okay, well, can you tell us about your .. your bachelor project?
i usually visit my relatives on the weekends.
i usually visit my relatives on the weekends because my parents aren't here in cairo. i am alone, here in cairo. i either visit my family or sometimes go to the club or hang out with my friends once by the end of each term.
okay, well .. can you tell us what your dream job would be after university? and why .. why do you want to go for this position?
okay, when you have attended an internship for a month, .. of course, you have seen people who are working there such as engineers or workers or whoever, how was your feeling? will you prefer the working life or the .. the student life or .. or .. or .. studying and a three-month vacation and so on?
okay, actually, you will prefer working life, or not
okay, well, have you ever traveled abroad?
, okay if you have the chance .. have the chance to travel abroad for a scholarship or a job offer, would you make this decision or you want to stay here?
okay well, the question is still .. if you got an offer to travel abroad for a scholarship as you would learn without paying a lot of money or got an offer to work abroad, definitely, if it's an offer for an engineer, of course the salary would be very more competitive than that here in egypt, would you make this decision or not?
okay  is there a moment in your life that you consider a turning point and that you were thinking of something, you were thinking of the major then you decided to change your mind .. and go for something else?
okay  would you rather be liked  or respected?
do you like people do you a favor because they respect you and that they have to do this or because they love you and do this for you in order not to be annoyed or because they really like you?
okay, well do you feel that you are an easy person that people can talk with and .. get along with quickly or you should take time for ice breaking then you can talk and get along with one another?
okay and do you find it difficult to deal with people of different social level?
do you feel that you don't know how to .. talk with them or you need to change your way and attitude as well as your way of speaking?
okay, what makes you feel stressed, .. what makes stressed and .. you feel that you have a lot to do or something .. so you feel that you are stressed? what makes you be in such mood?
the last question, can you choose anything and persuade us of?
it will come when you really want to do something  it's not .. about the skills that you acquired at university, i will need more, you cannot do this, , i will need to .. to help you with it, and .. and the same time, i am doing something .. when i want to do something related to hardware, i cannot continue it alone without you, for example.
no man can serve two masters.
if i am focused on what i am doing and you are focused on what you are doing, we will get the best result, right?
exactly, however, both, by the end are important and compatible.
exactly
thank you, merci
okay, your school was national or international?
okay
what languages did you study at school english, french .. or deutsch or what?
when you were at university, you said that your major, can you tell us about your major? and your project .. bachelor project
okay, can you tell us about a movie ..
okay what about you ..  are you married?
okay in the future when .. you enroll your children to a school whether it's national or international? would you choose for them arabic, english or french? what would you be interested in teaching your children?
okay, it will be an ordinary national or international school? okay, you can be in a private school but it could be national or international?
it was a national school but private.
okay well, if you weren't .. weren't a teacher assistant now, what would be your dream job when you were at university, what would you like to be?
okay and .. and have you ever attended internships at university or something?
okay now would you prefer the working life or you want to be a student again and you prefer the student life, university, assignments, tas, and at the same time there's a three-month vacation?
why?
okay do you consider yourself an easy person to talk with? is it easy .. or you need some time for ice breaking to deal with people? can you talk with them easily or they talk with you easily?
okay do you find it difficult when .. when you deal with people of different social level do you feel that it's difficult or that you need to change your way or the way you act?
what trait do you like most about yourself and that you want to keep it, you don't need to change this .. this is what you like?
okay what trait makes you .. ignore the person in front of you as you feel that you don't want to deal with this person because has has such trait?
okay can you .. you tell us about what makes you feel stressed the most and .. and uncomfortable? what makes you feel nervous?
okay and how can you get over it? how do you solve this?
okay, well have you tried being in a situation in an evaluation or something and you were a student and .. and then you talked about a topic that you didn't understand so you spoke english and used sophisticated words so that the person in front of you would think, okay, you already understand everything so let's skip the .. evaluation?
okay have you ever felt this when you .. you were in an evaluation when a student did this in an evaluation and he pretended to understand everything and actually he didn't understand anything?
okay can you live without a mobile?
yes
okay
okay yes
okay
okay
okay the last question can you choose anything and persuade us of anything for example completing the research, masters or phd, anything according to your life experience choose anything and persuade us of
okay
okay thank you
okay shall we start by telling us about your background, where are you from? where were you born? and .. and your school was national or international? what languages were there english, arabic, deutsch and french? after that, what about your university? i mean give give us a background about you?
okay and you  what's your major and why did you choose this major?
okay have you known that you would join computer science or have you decided to join university? i mean when you were in the general secondary did you feel that .. you were looking for joining computer science?
okay can you tell us about bachelor project what is your bachelor project about .. i mean give us a brief about it?
okay can you tell us about the hobbies that you have or if you have specific hobbies that you practice during your free time?
okay do you have a favorite quote or .. or a specific quote that you usually remember?
okay do you like watching movies?
okay can you tell us a movie that you love what's its story or what does it talk, a movie that you remember and that it's always in your mind?
okay in the future have your ever thought about this .. would you enroll your children to a school whether it's national or international? would you choose for them a school that teaches arabic, english, french or .. or deutsch?
okay have you traveled abroad before?
which place do you really want to go .. want to visit?
okay if you got the chance to travel abroad for a job offer or a scholarship to study abroad, would you made this decision or you want to stay here?
okay do you consider yourself an easy person to talk with or they need time for ice breaking so that you can talk?
okay do you find it difficult when you deal with people of different social level whether it's a lower or higher level, do you feel that you want to change your way, do you want to change your way of speaking or something?
okay what trait do .. you like about yourself that you want it to last forever and that you don't want to change it at all?
okay can you live without a mobile and .. and tell us why in both cases?
okay last question, can you choose anything and persuade us of?
thank you
okay, can you start by telling us about your background, where do you come from, and did you go to a national or international school?
okay well and .. and after school, when you went to university, what was the major?
okay
okay well what was your study about at university what were you studying?
okay well can you tell us about your masters and your bachelor project i mean how your education career went after that?
okay are you currently working on master's?
okay is this topic here? would you love to tell us about it?
okay
okay .. are you going to enroll your children in a national or an international school in the future? which language will they be focusing on at school? what will be their first language? english, or french or deutsch or any other language like japanese for example?
okay well but .. here in egypt there aren't a lot of japanese schools for example ..
okay
if you weren't a teacher assistant or a lecturer assistant what would be your dream job? and why would you choose this?
okay can you tell us about .. any internships that you attended or any full-time or part-time jobs that you worked .. what were you doing?
okay well .. after you have finished university would you prefer the working life or the student life and .. and that you have to study but at the same time you have a three-month vacation and a different life?
okay well which trait do you like about yourself and you want it to last forever and you will never change you want to have it forever?
okay
yes
okay why?
i mean that.
okay what makes you feel .. stressed? what makes you feel stressed or nervous?
okay and .. and how do you handle .. this stress? how do you deal with this how do you treat yourself how do you get over this?
okay when you were a student have you tried speaking in an evaluation about something that you don't really understand so you say sophisticated words and speak in english so that the person in front of you believe that you really understand then he will say bye bye and leave
okay for example, when we were students and were having an evaluation and when i didn't really understand this part, i started speaking in english so that .. the person in front of me was okay saying that i did understand everything because i mentioned sophisticated expressions then bye bye have you tried to do this?
okay
yes
okay can you live without a mobile?
no i mean that you live without a mobile i don't mean that you stay for one hour without a mobile let's say that you stay a month without a mobile
why?
don't you feel that it's important to communicate with people? to communicate with your family? to communicate with your friends? and if it's social media, you can know the news and everything. or not ..
okay last question please can you choose anything and persuade us of?
okay
okay thank you
okay shall we start by telling us about your background, where are you from? where were you born? and .. and your school was national or international?
where are you from?
where were you born?
what languages did you study at school?
okay well did you study any other languages that you learn as a second language other than franais?
okay after that when it comes to education career when you joined university what major did you choose?
and why did you choose this major?
okay well when did you feel that you like this major?
when you were in the general secondary or in ig, did you feel that you wanted to go for computer science, did you like that?
okay what was your bachelor project about?
if you are working on your masters, can you tell us about that?
okay well do you have a favorite quote that you usually remember?
okay i guess that your daughter is still young and she hasn't gone to school yet
okay what about your plans are you going to enroll her in a national or an international school?
are you planning to enroll her in a school that teaches english, french or deutsch or what?
okay
what was it?
why were you thinking about being a wedding planner?
okay haven't you traveled abroad before?
okay well can you tell us about the places that you visited for example the most remarkable scene that you can still remember and you will never forget?
okay which place do you really want to visit?
okay well
okay what if you got the chance to ..
so why?
okay if you had the chance to travel abroad as a job offer or a scholarship would you prefer that or you would stay here?
okay what if you felt that one day supposedly you got an offer for you and your husband to be able to travel and start living there
can you tell us about a place you visited in egypt that you like the most.
a visit that you will never forget?
okay do you have a role model in your life you don't have to mention a role model for all fields but you can just mention one in each field for example in life or at home such as your father and mother and another role model at work in different fields?
yes
okay do you consider yourself an easy person to talk with or you need some time for ice breaking so that you can have time to get along with people and talk to them? or it's very easy to talk with you .. to talk with you from the first day.
okay
okay
okay do you find it difficult when you deal with people of different social level that you need to change your way? your way of speaking? your attitude or something?
okay
okay what trait do .. you like about yourself and you are happy with .. that you want it to last forever and that you don't want to change it at all?
okay
what trait makes you avoid people because it will be difficult for you to deal with people that have such trait?
okay what makes you feel .. stressed? what makes you feel worried or nervous?
okay and how do you handle this?
how do you deal with this?
okay, shall we start by telling us about your background? where are you from? where were you born? did you go to a national or an international school? were the languages at this school english, arabic, french or deutsch or what?
okay, what was the .. the language at your school?
okay, after joining university, what major and .. and when did you choose this major or when did you decide this major?
okay, can you tell us about your study at university what was it about can you tell us about the topic of your bachelor project?
what was it about?
okay, have you traveled abroad?
okay, well  .. which place do you really want to visit, do you want to visit this place outside egypt?
okay, well. if you had the chance to travel abroad for a job offer or a scholarship or something, would you make this decision? if yes, would you .. you do this without thinking?
okay, can you tell us about .. about .. about .. a place that you have visited here in egypt or a remarkable place for you that you liked and enjoyed the activities there .. activities that you did there?
okay
okay, and .. and in general do you prefer working individually or in a team and why?
okay, do you consider yourself an easy person to talk with .. or they need time for ice breaking first then you can talk together?
okay, do you find it difficult when you deal with people of different social level? do you feel need to change your way, your words or the way you treat them?
okay, can you tell us about a trait that you like the most about yourself, i mean it's a trait that you feel that you don't want to change it?
okay, what trait that makes you ignore the person in front of you because you can't accept it, if a person has this trait, you cannot deal with him?
okay have you tried being in an evaluation or something, and you are talking about something that you don't really understand so you start speaking english and you say sophisticated words so it will be okay and the situation will pass so the person in front of you says that you really understand everything and it's over?
okay, can you live without a mobile or you cannot and why?
okay, the last question, can you choose anything .. anything and persuade us of? anything you can see and you are persuaded of and you will make make us be persuaded?
okay, well, shall we start by telling us about your background, where are you from? where were you born? did you got to a national or an international school? did it teach english, french, or deutsch?
okay, well, can you tell us about your university, what was your major? what did you study, for example? what about your bachelor project?
have you .. you traveled abroad regardless of the internship? have you gone to any other place?
okay can you tell us about the experience that you gain from your visits, i mean what was the difference between thailand, malaysia and paris?
okay ..  what was the most remarkable scene when you visited those places? which place makes you very happy that you felt that you wanted to go there and you will still remember this forever.
and if .. you got the chance to travel abroad for a job offer or a scholarship, would you make this decision or you would say that you would think about it or to stay here?
have you traveled inside egypt a lot?
okay  did you ever feel like this is a turning point in your life? that you changed your way of thinking after that point?
okay, well would you like to work at university or in general you would like to work in a team or you want to work alone?
okay  well and if you were in a team and .. and a member of this team was longer motivated at all and he was irritate, can you deal with this situation or you can't .. can you encourage him?
okay
okay  what makes you feel stressed?
okay, how do you deal with this? or how do you handle this stress?
okay well  have you ever tried talking about a topic that you don't really understand so you have decided to speak in english and to say sophisticated words so that the one in front of you realizes that you really understand everything?
what was the reaction of the person in front of you? was he convinced or he told you that you were saying nonsense?
okay can you live without a mobile?
why?
okay the last question can you choose anything and persuade us of?
but for example certificates and things like that
nobody would accept me to work as a tv presenter because i don't have a certificate
okay, thank you
okay, shall we start by telling us about your background? where are you from? where were you born? did you go to a national or an international school? was the language there english, french or deutsch and so on?
okay well and can you tell us about your education for example the .. the university? what was your major?
and .. and what were you studying for example and .. and what was your bachelor project about?
well what was your study about regardless of .. your project? what were the specific topics that you studied?
okay, have you thought to go for it
you .. or you have a daughter
a son, okay
are you planning to enroll your son in a national or an international school? what language will you go for .. and what language will you focus on and interested in teaching him?
okay in what language do you .. teach him the .. first words?
how old is he now .. now?
okay have you .. you traveled anywhere else .. other than the place where you took the course?
okay
okay which place do you like the most and you want to visit it again as you usually like going there and you like this place very much so you will never forget?
okay is there any specific place that you want to visit? that you wish to travel?
okay
okay, if you got the chance to .. to travel abroad for a job offer or a scholarship, would you take the chance or not in case you are alone or in case you are with your family.
okay
okay a moment that you consider a turning point in your life, where  your .. your way of thinking changed at that time?
okay, do you consider yourself an easy person to talk with or they need time for ice breaking?
okay, what trait do you like very much about yourself and you don't want to change it?
okay what trait makes you ignore people that you won't deal with them again?
okay
okay  have you tried being in a situation like an evaluation or something and you talk about a topic that you don't understand well so you start speaking in english saying sophisticated words because okay the person in front of you says that you understand everything and it will pass?
okay
okay, well what was the reaction of the person in front of you? did he believe that or not ..
okay, can you live without a mobile?
why?
okay, well as for the last question, choose anything and persuade us of; anything you are persuaded of and you will let us do it or persuade us that it's really and that we should be persuaded of
okay, thank you
okay, shall we start by telling us about your background? where are you from? where were you born? .. did you go to a national or an international school? was it english, arabic, french or deutsch?
okay after the .. the education, what about your career?
which university did you join? which major did you choose? when did you choose this major? and when did you feel that you want to go for this major?
okay, well, can you tell us about your bachelor project and the masters later on so what was the topic about actually?
okay and what about master's?
okay, have you traveled before for a job or having fun?
can you tell us about the places that you visits and which place do you you like the most that you want to visit again and you will remember it forever?
okay, well, if you got the chance to travel abroad for a job offer or a scholarship, would you make this decision or not? and why would you make it quickly and why would you say no?
okay and what place do you want to travel?
okay can you tell us about .. about a place that you have visited in egypt where you did many activities there and you had fun?
okay
okay, do you consider yourself a difficult person to talk with or not .. not it's easy to talk with you i mean do you need time for ice breaking or it's easy for people to talk with you easily?
okay, well, what trait makes you ignore people that you won't accept them or deal with them?
okay, well, have you tried being in an evaluation or an interview and .. and you discuss a topic that you don't really understand so you start speaking in english saying sophisticated words just to pass the interview and the .. the .. the evaluation will pass?
okay
okay
as for the last question, choose anything and persuade us of?
anything, anything that you .. you see and be persuaded of and you feel that we .. i mean you are persuaded of .. it's not necessarily to be something academic or for fun anything funny, it could be anything.
thank you
okay, shall we start by telling us about your background? where are you from?
and .. and did you go to a national or an international school? what were the languages there; french, deutsch or english or what?
okay, after that, when it comes to the education career, which major did you choose? and why did you choose this major? and when did you feel that you want to go for this major?
okay, can you tell us about your bachelor project, what was it about? and if you started preparing for masters, can you tell us what is the topic of your masters?
okay, what was your dream job and why were you interested in this .. this job?
okay, can you tell us about any previous part-time or full-time job or internship that you had during university, can you tell us how was it?
okay, well, do you prefer the working life or university life as a student?
okay
okay, have you traveled abroad before?
okay, among the places that you traveled, which place did you like the most and you want to visit it again, a place you will never forget?
do you feel that you want to change your way? do you feel that you cannot deal with them? or that you are not comfortable?
okay and what trait makes do you like most about yourself and you don't want to change at all? you think it's good and you want to keep it forever?
okay, what trait makes you ignore people and if people have such trait, you won't accept them .. you won't know how to accept them and deal with them?
okay, have you tried being in .. in an interview or an evaluation and you speak english saying sophisticated words because you are discussing a topic that you don't really understand so you start to get out of this situation by doing this and saying sophisticates words so that the person in front of you feel that you really understand?
can you live without a mobile and if yes, why and if no, why?
as for the last question, choose anything and persuade us of, you can persuade us to complete masters, to travel, to stay here, to join .. or to be tas, anything.
well, okay, thank you
okay, shall we start by telling us about your background? and .. and where are you from? where were you born? .. did you go to a national or an international school? was it english, arabic, french or deutsch?
okay, after that, when it comes to your education career, after joining university, which major did you choose? when did you decide to go for this major?
okay, then generally, what was your study about? what did study in computer science? what was your bachelor project about?
and .. and after that did you complete masters?
have you ever traveled abroad apart from the .. the bachelor project?
okay, can you tell us about the experience, how was it? which place did you like most? and you liked .. liked to go there again and you will still remember that place forever?
can you tell us about the experience of traveling in general and which place will you still remember and you always want to go there again, this place is in your memory that you will never forget. it looked great.
which place did you like when you traveled and you want to go there again as you remember this place very well?
and .. what if you got the chance to travel abroad for a scholarship or a job offer, would you take this decision?
okay
okay, do you consider yourself an easy person to talk with or they need time for ice breaking?
okay, do you find if difficult when you deal with people of a different social level, whether it's higher or lower? do you feel that you want to change your way and your topic?
okay
okay, what trait makes you ignore people and if people have such trait, you won't deal with them and you can't deal with them?
okay
okay  what makes you stressed and nervous?
okay, have you tried being in .. in an interview or an evaluation at university discussing a topic that you don't really understand so you speak in english saying sophisticated words just to pass the interview or the .. the situation passes?
okay, can you live without a mobile?
okay, as for the last question, can you choose anything to persuade us of? anything that comes into your mind and you are persuaded of, whether it's traveling, masters, working or anything?
okay, shall we start by talking about your background? where are you from? did you go to a national or an international school? what were the languages taught at school? english or french or deutsch?
okay, well, after that, when it comes to your education career, which major did you choose? and .. and why did you choose this major? when did you decide that you want to go for this .. this major?
okay, can you tell us about your .. study? what do you study in general at university and .. and what is your bachelor project about .. what is it?
okay, can you tell us about your daily routine? what do you do after getting up in the morning? how does your day go?
okay, what are .. are your hobbies? what are you interested in doing? listening to music, watching movies, playing, what are your hobbies?
okay, well, do you like listening to songs?
okay, do you like listening to arabic or english? for example, tell us .. tell me about a favorite song or your favorite singer.
okay, well do you like watching movies?
okay, can you tell us about a movie that you like and can you tell us its story quickly?
okay, after university, what about your career job? what dream job do you want? what do you want to work?
i really want to work in coding that shouldn't be related to .. to management and i don't want to lead a team. i just want to work on the codes on my laptop doing everything, if it's not working, i will fix it.
okay, well, after trying working life, what would you prefer working life or .. or student life at university and .. and having a three-month vacation?
okay, have you traveled abroad before?
okay, can you tell me what were you doing there and .. what place did like most and you want to visit it again?
okay, if you got the chance to travel abroad for a job offer or a scholarship, would you prefer this or you would want to stay here?
okay, is there a moment in your life that you consider a turning point, where your way of thinking changed?
okay, do you like working in teams or you like working individually?
okay, why so although you can handle everything individually and you will be aware of everything regarding the project.
okay, in general, do you have a role model, it isn't necessarily to be an absolute role model? but you can have a specific role model in a .. a specific field in .. in life?
okay, there is a question. would you rather be liked or respected? and why?
but sometimes, you will feel that it's impossible .. impossible be liked by everyone but definitely, not everyone will agree on you. someone may tell you that i .. i like him or love him and another one will say no, opinions will be different.
okay, do you consider yourself an easy person to talk with or they need time for ice breaking to be able to talk with you?
okay, what trait that makes you ignore the person in front of you and you cannot deal with him or even accept him
okay, well, what makes you feel stressed?
how can you handle this? do you have an idea .. what to do in general when you feel stressed?
okay, have you tried discussing a topic in an evaluation or an interview as you don't understand this topic very well so you start speaking in english saying sophisticated words so that the interview or the evaluation will pass and .. and the one in front of you will feel that you understand everything?
okay, and what the reaction of the person in front of you?
okay, did that person believe that or .. he focused on the questions?
okay, can you live without a mobile?
why, what's its importance?
okay, as for the last question, can you choose anything and .. and persuade me of? anything you want or anything you are persuaded of such as traveling, staying here, studying master's or working or anything?
okay, well, thank you
okay, shall we start by telling us about your background? where are you from? did you go to a national or an international school? what was the language there english, arabic or french or what else?
okay  you are egyptian and you were born in cairo?
okay, well .. well, after university .. which major did you choose? and .. and why did you choose this major? or why were you interested in this?
okay, can you tell us about the other plans such as plan a that you used to have, for example?
okay but what .. i mean what .. what makes you feel that it will be difficult and why didn't you join the acting institute or something?
i don't know what .. what is included there .. why didn't you take the track of acting or directing as you would learn acting and directing and study acting or acting .. then .. you will grow .. i mean what makes you feel that it would be difficult or it's not guaranteed?
okay did you decide the major of engineering or you didn't know that you would choose this?
okay, have you traveled abroad before?
okay, can you tell us where did you travel? what did you do? which place did you like the most?
okay, is there any specific place that you want to visit, that you wish to travel to it?
okay, well, what if you got .. got the chance to .. to travel for a job offer or a scholarship, would you make this decision or not? what would you think of while making this decision?
okay, do you consider yourself an easy person that people can talk with or you need time for ice breaking?
okay, which trait do you like about yourself and feel that you want to have forever without any changes?
okay, which trait makes you ignore people that you cannot deal with them?
okay  have you tried being in an evaluation at university or in general in a presentation at school or something and you discuss a topic that you don't really understand so you start speaking in english or french saying sophisticated words so that the person in front of you feels that you understand everything and it will pass.
okay
okay, what was their reaction? did they understand .. believe what you said and feel that you really understand or not?
okay, can you live without a mobile?
why?
okay, as for the last question, can you choose anything .. anything to persuade us of? anything that you are persuaded of to make us be persuaded?
thank you
okay, shall we start by telling us about your background? where are you from? did you go to a national or an international school? was it english, french or deutsch? tell us about your start.
okay, where are you from? where were you born?
in cairo okay
okay  after school, you  had joined university, which major did you choose? when did you decide to go for this major and what makes you interested in this major?
okay this .. this has to do with joining university, but why did you choose engineering i mean why didn't you join pharmacy, why didn't you join applied arts?
okay
i mean you have chosen engineering not by exclusion, that you said no to this, and that.
okay
okay, well .. well, did you know which .. what major you wanted .. i mean what are you going to be majored in or you still don't know?
but what makes interested in mechatronics? what makes you like met, for example?
okay, well
okay, well, are you planning after that, for example, after .. after .. university to complete masters at one or you .. you travel or work at once or you still don't know?
okay
okay
okay
okay, have you .. worked before in an organization or joined a scout for example or .. or mag or something.
okay, what about your role, what were you doing? can you tell us about this period?
only this
okay what were you doing in .. in .. in the scout? did you attend any sessions or any camps?
okay, well, according to .. to .. to the short period of time when you worked in such organizations, do you prefer being a student that studies and takes a three-month vacation or you prefer working and .. and .. and you have responsibilities other than university and studying?
okay but after university, will you have an official job .. job, for example, if you were a father or mother, would you prefer .. prefer working life or university?
okay, well, have you ever traveled abroad?
okay, which place do you want to visit, you want to travel to?
okay, well, can you tell us about a place that you visited here in egypt where you liked the activities that you did, which landscapes did you like?
okay, well, if you got the chance to travel as you did before, if you got the chance to travel for a scholarship or a job offer and .. and you should travel and leave everything, would you do this or not and why?
okay, for sure, you would travel then come back, you would have vacations but .. your job is based there, i mean you can stay there for three or four months then you come and stay two weeks here, three or four months there and two weeks here
would you accept this?
but for example, if you went there and worked and your salary became high then you come here to work in egypt and you found that your salary was a quarter of the previous salary, would you go back there?
by the end you go and come and it's okay as this is your choice but still there some factors that influence you.
that if you came back, you won't be in the same value or position.
okay, do you consider yourself an easy person that people can talk with or you need time for ice breaking as they need time to talk with you?
okay, well, does it sometimes cause any .. any problems?
okay, well, do you find any difficulties when you deal with people from a different social level, whether it's higher or lower?
okay but for example, when you deal with people of a lower social level as you mostly speak english and they don't understand you so they will be frustrated.
okay, which trait do you like the most about yourself and you don't want to change it forever because it's good and you like it?
okay, well which trait that makes you ignore people in front of you that you cannot deal with them?
okay what makes you stressed, nervous and .. and uncomfortable?
okay, and how do you overcome this stress and how do you deal with this?
okay, well, have you tried talking  in an interview or in .. in a presentation at school or anywhere else that you speak about a topic that you don't understand so speak in english or franais so that the person in front of you feels that you understand okay, then the situation will pass?
okay, can you live without a mobile?
okay, as for the last question, can you choose anything and .. and persuade us of? anything you want or anything like completing your study, traveling or staying here? are you persuaded that family comes first?
merci
okay, shall we start by telling us about your background? where are you from? did you go to a national or an international school and what were the languages there?
okay well .. well after had joined university, which major did you choose? and .. and .. and why did you choose this major? when did you feel that you like this major?
okay, can you tell us what topics do you study .. at university, what's your study mainly about?
okay, can you tell us about the projects that you did and how were it?
okay, well, can you tell you us how you start your daily routine, what do you usually do in the weekday?
okay, what do you do in the weekends?
okay, can you tell us about its topic or it's story?
okay, have you thought before, for example, in the future, would you like to enroll your children in a national or an international school .. which language would you like to teach them?
if you worked before, what were you doing and what were your job duties?
okay, do you consider yourself an easy person that people talk with and get along with you or they need long time for ice breaking?
okay, do you find any difficulties when you deal with people of different social level? do you feel that you cannot deal with them, do you want to change your way?
okay, which trait do you like the most about yourself and you want it to last forever without any changes?
okay, which trait makes you ignore people that you cannot deal with them and it's difficult for you to deal with this .. this trait?
okay what .. what did your parents criticize you for saying that you should stop this?
okay, what do you feel weird about yourself?
okay, well, have you tried being in an evaluation or an interview and .. and you discuss a topic that you don't really understand so you start speaking in english saying sophisticated words just to pass this situation or you haven't done this?
okay, what was the reaction of the person in front of you, did he believe that, was he convinced or not and he felt that you are saying nonsense?
okay, can you live without a mobile? if yes, why? if no, why?
okay, as for the last question, can you choose in your mind anything to persuade us of?
well, okay, thank you
okay, shall we start by .. by telling us about your background? where are you from, where were you born? did you go to a national or an international school? and .. and what were the languages there?
okay, after that, can you tell us about your .. your education career? what did you do? which major did you choose? and why did you choose this major? can you tell us about your system at university?
okay
i have tried this in the past semester, thank god, i passed it as i got good grades and now i take overload, i am really stressed.
the .. artist  draws a chart then he sells it to get a lot of money and that's his profit.
i don't know, i don't know can you .. tell us what's happening?
okay, shall we start by .. by telling us about your background? where are you from, where were you born? did you go to a national or an international school? and .. and what were the languages there?
okay, well and .. after that .. when it comes to your education career, which major did you go for at university? and .. and why did you choose this major? when did you feel that you want this major? and why?
okay, can you tell us about your study at university? what was it about? what do you study? what do you learn? and .. and .. and can you tell us about the topic of your bachelor project?
okay, can you tell us about the topic of your bachelor project? what does it talk about?
okay, can you tell us about .. about your daily routine? what do you usually do on your weekday after getting up in the morning? what .. do you usually do in the middle of the week?
okay, what do you do in the weekends or during your free time? what activities do you .. you usually do?
okay, well, do you have specific hobbies that you practice such as reading, listening to music, playing or .. any other specific hobbies?
okay, what kind of music do you like, what type of music do you like? do you like a specific singer or a specific song?
okay, do you usually listen to arabic or english songs?
okay, well, do you have a favorite quote that you like to apply and that you usually remember or you don't have?
okay, well  do you like movies, do you usually watch a lot of movies?
okay, well, as for the .. the future are you planning to enroll your children in a national or an international school? would you go for an arabic, english, french or a deutsch school?
okay, well, what was your dream job when you were young? and now you are at university, what do you want to work?
okay, have you attended any internships or worked any part-time or full-time jobs, can you tell us about that?
okay, well, based on your three-month vacation, what would you .. you .. you prefer working life or university life? which is better for you?
okay, have you traveled abroad before?
okay, is there any specific place that you want to visit, that you wish to travel to it?
okay, well , if you got the chance to travel for a job offer or a scholarship, would you make this decision or not? and .. and .. and what will influence your decision?
okay, well and .. and which country in .. in europe as you said you wanted to take a tour there, which country would you choose to live there?
is there a specific place in your mind or you will go and see .. if you like the country there, you will stay there?
okay, well, is there a point in your life that you consider a turning point, where your way of thinking changed the most?
what has been developed in your character, what did you feel? how was your character and how is it now?
okay and .. when you were at university, did you like working on projects individually or in a team?
okay, do you have a role model in your life? it's not necessarily to have an absolute role model but you can have a role model for each field.
okay, well, there's another question. would you rather be liked or respected and why?
okay, do you consider yourself an easy person that people can talk with or they need time for ice breaking, do they need time to talk to each other?
okay, do you find it difficult when you deal with people of a different social level, different style and their social level is higher or lower than yours?
okay, what trait do you like about yourself and you want it to last forever and you will never change?
okay, which trait makes you ignore people? if you find this trait in anyone, you cannot deal with them, you cannot .. adapt with them?
okay, what does your parents criticize you for as they tell you that you should change this?
okay, what makes you feel stressed? what makes you feel nervous because you have a lot to do?
okay, and how do you handle such stress, how do you deal with this?
okay, have you tried being in an .. an interview or a project when you speak about a topic that you don't really understand so you start speaking english saying sophisticated words so that the person in front of you feel that you understand and .. and the situation will pass?
okay, can you live without a mobile or not? if yes, why?
but don't you feel that it distracts you from something more important?
okay, well, as for the last question, can you choose anything you are persuaded of to make us be persuaded of, it could be a general thing like completing studies, traveling or anything else?
okay, well, thank you
okay, shall we start by telling us about your background? where are you from? where were you born? did you go to a national or an international school? what were the languages at this school english, arabic, french or deutsch?
okay, well, after education, what about your career?
which major did you choose? why did you choose this major? when did you feel that you want to go for this major?
okay, can you tell us about .. about your study? what .. do you study at university? what do you learn? what was your .. your bachelor project about?
okay, well, have you traveled abroad before?
okay, can you tell us about the places that you have visited and which place did you like the most that you want to go there again and you can still remember this place?
well, when you traveled there, did you make friends there and were .. you still in touch or not?
no, i mean friends that you made there .are you still in contact with them or not?
okay, which place do you want to visit now?
okay, if you got the chance to .. to travel abroad for a job offer or a scholarship, would you make this decision or not? what would made you think about this? what would affect your decision?
okay, do you usually travel inside egypt?
okay well, is there any specific place you still remember and you want to talk about?
okay, do you consider yourself an easy person that people can talk with or they need time for ice breaking and will get along with you more?
okay, do you find it difficult to .. to deal with people from a different social level that you can't deal with and you need to change your way or something?
okay, which trait do you .. you like about yourself and you want it to last forever without any changes?
okay, which trait that people have that makes you avoid interacting with them? if people have such trait that you hate the most, you cannot deal with it?
okay, well, what do your parents criticize you of? did they tell you that you need to change something in your character?
nothing
okay, is there anything that you consider weird about yourself, in your personality, something weird, something that people would find very weird?
okay, well, what makes you feel stressed and very nervous?
and how do you get over stress, what do you do?
okay, well, have you tried being in an interview or an evaluation speaking about a topic that you don't understand so speak in english using sophisticated words just to pass this situation? can you tel us about this situation, for example? can you tell us about a situation like that that happened to you?
okay, what was the reaction of the person in front of you, did he believe that, was he convinced or he realized that you were saying nonsense?
okay, can you live without a mobile? if yes, why? if no, why?
okay, as for the last question, can you choose anything and persuade us of, anything you are persuaded of such as traveling, completing masters, staying here, or to do .. do anything that you want to persuade us of?
okay okay thank you.
well, shall we start by telling us about your background where originally are you from? and .. and were you in a national or international school? and were the languages english, arabic, french, or deutsch?
okay, and afterwards the education career, what was the major you enrolled in? and when did you want .. decide to enroll in this major? i mean did you feel that you like it?
okay, well and what made you decide to join mechatronics. why did you like ((it))? or i mean what made you think of it, not joining computer science, or communication?
okay well, can you tell us more for example about your study? what did you learn? the projects you did for example, how were they like?
well, have you traveled abroad before?
okay are there any specific place where you would like to travel to or to see?
country.
okay, well what if you got an oppportunity to make a scholarship or you got a job offer, would you like to take this decision and travel or would you settle here and which factors would impact your decision?
okay, well do you travel often domestically in egypt?
well, can you tell us about a travel that you did in egypt in which you liked the place and the scenery the most and you wanted to go there again?
well, do you consider yourself an easy person to talk to or a difficult person, i mean do you need time for ice breaking to be able to talk?
okay well, do you feel that it's difficult to deal with people of different social level, do you need to change your way of talking, do you need to change your attitude?
i mean lower or higher social level whether it is money-wise or .. or .. or education-wise.
but for example, if you are using while talking english words or something and you deal with someone whose social level is lower than you or whose educational level is lower than you would you change your way of talking for example?
well, what is the most trait you like in yourself, you feel that you like to keep, and never to change it forever?
well, and what is the most trait in the other person, if there you can't deal with him, you feel that it's very hard to cope with him?
well, what is the most thing that makes you feel stressed and uncomfortable?
okay well, and how do you %bt .. %bt overcome it?
okay have you ever tried before while talking with someone in an interview or in an evaluation to talk in english about a topic that you are not fully understanding and to say ((sophisticated terms)) so that the interview would smoothly pass?
what happened?
okay can you do without a mobile?
why?
well, the last question can you select anything  that you believe in and persuade us of it can be to travel, to study, it can be anything?
okay  okay, thank you.
well, shall we start by telling us about your background where are you originally from? and .. and were you in a national school or international one? and what were the languages there?
okay and afterwards your education career what was the major you enrolled in? and .. and why did you select this major? when did you feel that you want to join this major?
well can you tell us more about .. your study as well what do you study, i mean what do you study at the university, if there is for example a bachelor project or a big project that you like to tell us about?
okay, well have you traveled abroad before?
okay, in general in your travels did you make friends or something, and are you still in touch or not?
well   if you got the opportunity to travel abroad whether you got a job offer or scholarship would you take this decision or would you prefer to settle here and which things would impact your decision?
okay do you consider yourself an easy person to talk to or not .. or do you need much time for ice breaking?
well, what is the most trait you like in yourself and you don't want this trait to change at all?
okay and which trait if there in the other person you can't deal with him, or you fell that it's hard to go on dealing with .. dealing with this person?
well what is the most thing makes you feel that you are very stressed?
well, have you ever tried before to be in .. in a situation, an interview, or in an evaluation and .. and talk in a topic which you don't understand so you speak in english or ((to say sophisticated terms)) so that the situation would smoothly pass and others would feel that you understand?
okay well can you do without a mobile, and why if yes, or no?
well, can you select anything you believe in or you are convinced of and persuade us of, anything you believe that it's important?
i mean is there anything, some people convinced us to complete masters, it can be to convince us with something funny, or it can be with anything
how is that?
and then?
okay  thanks.
well, can you tell us about your background, where originally are you from? and .. and was you school a national or international one? and what were the languages there english. arabic, deutsch, french?
well, and then the education career which major did you enroll in? and why did you join this major? why did you feel .. do you like it for example, when did you decide to join it?
okay well and can you tell us about your study, what do you study in the university? what do you study? and .. and then can you tell us about your bachelor project?
can you tell us about how do you start your day, how is your daily routine in your normal life?
okay well and the weekends? is there anything different in the weekends? do you practice for example any certain activities in the day off?
well, have you traveled abroad before?
well can you tell us about the travels and the places you have been to, which place that you liked the most and you wanted to go there again?
okay well when you traveled did you make friends and if yes are you still in touch or not?
which place you like to go the most .. to visit i mean you haven't been there before .. you haven't traveled there before and you wanted to go?
what if you got the opportunity to travel whether you have a job offer or a scholarship would you go for this decision or not? and which factors would impact your decision?
okay do you travel a lot internally in egypt?
well, can you tell us about a travel here in egypt you like the most, the place was very nice, and the activities you did there for example tell us about the traveling i mean which thing you liked the most?
okay, do you consider yourself an easy person to talk to or do you need time for an ice breaking?
okay and do you feel it's difficult to deal with people from different social level, whether lower or higher than you? do you feel that you need to change your way of talking or your words?
well which trait you like most in yourself and you don't want it to change, which you like and you want to keep it?
well and which trait in others if there you can't deal with him, you can't %t .. t .. cope with this person?
okay well is there any specific issue your parents are criticizing on, they say no you have to stop doing this, or that?
okay and what stresses you and put you under stress?
well, how do you %bt .. overcome this issue? how do you overpass this .. this stress?
have you ever tried before being in an interview or in an evaluation and because there is a topic that you are not totally understand so you start speaking in english or ((to say sophisticated terms)) to let the evaluation smoothly pass and and the topic %y .. and ((the issue ends up)) and to make others feel that you got everything?
well does the other person believe that or not?
well can you live without a mobile? and why if yes or no?
okay the last question can you select anything you believe in .. anything you consider it important and persuade us of, it's not necessary a certain topic .. it can be scientific topic, it can be to complete our study, it can be something funny, or anything.
okay, okay thank you.
well, shall we start by introducing your background where are you originally from? were you in a national or international school? and which languages were taught at school english, arabic, deutsch, french?
okay
what languages were taught in the school?
okay, well and then the education career which major did you enrolled in the university? and when did you select this major?
okay, well but did you initially decide for example before when you were at school something like that or not .. or after?
okay can you tell us also about your .. your study, what do you study at university? and .. and what was your project?
well have you ever traveled abroad?
well is there any certain place that you want to go to, you would like to visit and i mean you are looking forward to go to that place?
okay what if you got the opportunity to travel for a job offer or a scholarship to travel for a long time would you take this decision or not? and what factors would %t .. impact your decision i mean?
which factors would be affecting your .. your decision?
okay well do you travel a lot internally in egypt?
well, if you .. do you consider yourself an easy person to talk to or do you need much time for ice breaking?
okay, do you find any difficulty in dealing with people of different social levels?
which trait do you like most in yourself and you don't want to change it?
well, what is the most trait in .. if present in the other person you wouldn't be able to deal with him?
well, okay what is the most thing that makes you stressed?
and how do you overcome stress, how do you act?
well have you ever tried before while you were in an interview or in an evaluation if you are not totally understanding the topic to speak in english and say complicated words to make others feel that you understand and the situation would smoothly end up?
well can you live without a mobile if yes or no and why?
okay well the last question is that can you select anything you see and you are convinced of and convince us of. anything, it can be something related to the study, it can be something funny?
okay thank you .
well shall we start by telling us about your background, where are you originally from? and was you school a national or international one? and what were the languages taught there english, arabic, deutsch, french?
okay well and then the education career in the university which major did you enroll in? and when did you decide that you want to join this major?
well, do you think of enrolling your kid in a national or in an international school? . and why for example .. what are the languages that you are considering to teach for your kids, will you enroll her in english or french school? definitely, for example you are setting a plan for that.
well, in the university what is your dream job? which job do you want to work after finishing your study? which job do you like to join i mean?
well, well can you tell us about any other job you did you have done for example after graduation, your current job or internship while you were in the university?
well, what if you got an opportunity to travel abroad whether for a job offer or scholarship will do that or not? and what decisions .. what factors would affect your decision?
okay what is the most place you would like to visit or travel to and why?
well do you usually travel much internally in egypt?
well, can you tell us about a trip that you traveled before and you enjoyed it and you liked the place very much and it was .. was very nice, and you want to go there again?
well, what is the best trait you like in yourself, you feel that you want to keep it forever?
well do you find any difficulty in dealing with people of different social levels whether lower or higher so that you would need to change your way of talking and .. your way i mean?
well what is the most thing that makes you stressed and under stress?
well how do you%bt .. %bt handle this?
have you ever tried before when you were for example in an interview or in an evaluation or when you are applying for a new job to be asked on a topic that you don't understand it and so you start talking in english and to say sophisticated terms so that the interview would smoothly end up.
well, what was the other person reaction, i mean does he appreciate that or he feels that no he could have said anything?
okay can you do without a mobile and if yes or no and why?
well, the last question can you select anything that you believe in and persuade us of, anything. it can be to to study complete studying, it can be to travel it can be anything?
thanks
okay what is your kid's school?
okay is it national or international?
well, why did you choose this school or i mean why did you choose international school?
well, which words does he usually use to express himself and in which language?
well, can you tell us what did you study in the university?
do you like more your working life or your life when you were a university student?
okay, if you got an opportunity to work in a private company for example or so would you leave teaching .. teaching work or do you like working in the university?
well do you prefer living here or to travel and immigrate abroad?
okay
do you have any role model?
do you have any role model in life?
do you find yourself an easy person to talk to or is it difficult and there is a need for ice breaking between you and others?
so is there a certain character that you find it difficult to deal with? i mean a certain character while dealing with him you find it very hard?
no no type type
do not you feel that this issue is making you under stress in certain time?
okay do you feel that you can be burden by others worries and forget yours? and forget your troubles and it ends by solving others' problems and keeping yours.
if someone want to work in any company i mean he is not a ta or a doctor so you think that the master would be something beneficial?
what do you do in the morning when you wake up?
do you have certain activity on the weekends?
okay okay
do you have certain hobby?
which meal do you like to cook the most?
do you like reading?
which book have you ever read and in which language was it?
what was it about?
if you were not working in teaching as a teacher assistant what would you do?
okay okay  did you work before in other jobs or did you do any internships during university?
okay so you basically like working in the university more than working in a private company or so.
okay is there a certain reason?
no? okay
well do you like your working life more or your life when you were a university student?
have you traveled abroad before?
where did you travel?
okay so what was the most remarkable place in the country you liked the most?
did you make friends there?
if you got the opportunity to immigrate would you like that or would you like to settle here?
okay
okay is there a specific country you which you like to travel to or to immigrate if you got the opportunity?
okay is there any moment that in which you felt that it is a turning point?
which you feel that you changed totally after it.
do you like more working individually or in team?
if there is a project you are working on, would you like to work in group or individually?
why?
okay, is there certain type of person you feel that you will not be able to deal with?
do you find any difficulty in dealing with a person with certain traits?
what?
can you please tell us what does word fawning mean?
okay can you tell us about your day starting from waking up in the morning?
which team do you cheer?
okay is there a certain activity that you do during the weekend?
okay okay do you have certain hobby that you like to practice in your free time?
okay, which online game do you like to play?
okay okay  definitely you listen to music?
would you like to listen to arabic or english songs and who is your preferred singer?
okay what .. what is your dream job? or let's start from the beginning what makes you choose your major computer science?
okay what would you like to work when you grow up, your dream job?
okay i will say in other words would you like to work in the university in the academic field or would you like to work in a private agency?
private company
okay okay
regarding indonesia have you ever traveled elsewhere besides indonesia?
okay and what is the most thing you like in the country you traveled to?
okay did you make friends there? if yes are you still in contact or not?
okay which place you would like to visit or which country would you like %t .. to travel to.
why?
okay, what if you got the opportunity to travel abroad, %t .. would you accept this opportunity or do you prefer to settle in egypt?
okay
could you please tell me about the last trip you did internally in egypt?
okay do you have a role model?
do you have a role model in something?
why then?
okay regarding your part-time job i will ask you a question would you rather be liked or respected? and why?
which thing you like the most in yourself?
okay okay  is there a certain type of character that you find hard to deal with, if a person has that character you would know that it would be very hard to deal with that person .
okay
all of us all of us
okay have you ever tried before to speak in english just to pretend that you understand everything but actually you're not?
i mean while talking in certain topic you interfere some english words to loook as if you understand and so ..
okay
okay since we are in the technology era do you like technology can you live without your mobile or not?
why?
i'm not convinced i feel that i'm little overrated.
i mean i feel that someone like us that study, work, and travel to make the take the bachelor and to make master's so we go on in the education path.
i feel that they don't think
i feel that may be we are much more educated compared to them.
i feel that they don't know anything except kicking the ball.
definitely, it would never be the same as the football player get paid.
so much.
nobody.
i'm convinced actually
thank you
okay can you tell us what do you do every morning?
how do you start your day?
okay do you have certain activity that you like doing on the weekends?
okay do you like reading?
do you like reading in arabic or in english?
and what is the most book you like to read?
okay, what is the story you have read before and you feel that you want to reread again?
i mean it influenced you.
it taught you something.
okay, do you like listening to music?
do you have certain favorite singer you enjoy listening to?
okay do you like listening to arabic or english songs?
can you tell us about activities you are practicing besides college?
after graduation what is your dream job?
%bt i mean where would you like to work?
initially, would you like to work in the academic field for example and to do masters and phd and so on or do you want to work in a private company?
okay, in college do you prefer working in individual projects or in group projects and why?
why?
okay have you ever traveled abroad before?
where did you travel?
can you tell us about the best place you enjoyed visiting in egypt?
and what activities did you do there?
okay what if you got the opportunity to travel abroad would you accept it or would you like to settle here in egypt?
would you continue living in egypt?
do you feel that traveling abroad has benefits i mean does it have pros and cons?
why do you believe in that?
okay do you feel that your character has changed after joining engineering in general?
do you have a role model or an example in certain field %bt i mean a model you think that you want to be like or to learn something from?
okay, currently if you were in charge of a team and you were the team leader and there is a task that should be done would you like i mean the question says would you rather be liked or respected?
would you prefer people doing the task out of loving you or respecting you, or being afraid from you?
do you feel that you are an easy person to ice break with and to talk to or is it hard to get to know someone easily and to talk to and so on?
is there a certain character of a person if met, you would feel that it would be very hard to deal with since there is certain trait in him that you would never accept?
okay, can you tell us  every morning how do you start your day? what's your daily routine?
okay, is there any activity you are practicing on the weekends?
what is the most hobby you like practicing in your free time?
okay  which book did you like the most that you have read before and deeply influenced you? and in what language was it? arabic, english or what was it?
okay, throughout your activities in the college would you like to work more individually or in team work?
do you have certain favorite singer that you would like to listen to or ..
do you like more working life i mean or do you like more your life as a university student studying and so on? i mean since you have worked before as a part-timer in a certain agency and so on.
okay do you like working individually or in teams? in any other project at work, outside work, or in any other place?
do you prefer working in a group, i mean a team, or individually?
okay what if someone in your team felt that he is depressed and that he couldn't go on in the project and so on were you %bt .. actually how do you motivate and encourage each other.
okay have you traveled abroad before and if yes where did you travel?
okay can you tell us what do you do in your day since you wake up in the morning?
okay do you have certain hobbies that you like practicing in your free time for example listening to music, watching certain movies?
okay can you tell us what is your favorite song? and is it arabic or english?
okay can you tell us about what was the last movie you have recently watched?
or the movie you like watching the most and you have watched it more than once
can you tell us about its story and what was its name?
okay why did you choose to be in the academic life and to work in the university?
why didn't you think of working in a private company or so?
okay what's your dream job?
i mean if you completed masters here in the university and you decided not to resume as a teacher and wanted to work in a company ((where do you find yourself))?
okay while standing you class and for example you ask your students to do certain task would you like them to do it out of fear or out love?
so they do it out of love i mean not out of respect only?
certain task.
do you miss your life as a university student i mean the university life or do you like more working life and so on?
okay is there any moment when you felt that it is a turning point and so on?
which happened that before i used to think in a certain way but after that point i'm thinking in a different way.
or for example i wanted to join a certain faculty but i joined another one.
is there anything that changed your direction i mean.
okay, did you like working in teams or did you like more to work for example individually in projects? and .. and why?
i mean tell me how do you see everything?
okay do you have a role model for example?
for example in your social life is there anyone that you want to be like?
in your life while studying for example is there any doctor or anybody that you %bt look up to i mean?
okay have you ever tried before in which you were not totally understanding the topic. have you tried to speak in english so that you would appear to be understanding everything and so on?
okay, can you tell us how do you start your day? what do you when you wake up every morning? what is your daily routine?
do you do a certain activity in the weekends?
i mean is there anything you like doing or for example do you like playing sport? anything?
okay can you tell us about the last movie you watched?
or the most movie you like
okay do you like reading?
okay can you tell us about to whom you like reading the most?
and is it in english or arabic?
and which book greatly influenced you?
what is your dream job if you weren't a ta what would you like to work?
can you tell us about the internship or a full-time part-time jobs that you have done before being a ta?
okay can you tell us about a moment in your life when you felt that it is a turning point?
for example before it you used to think in a certain way but after you think that your mindset has changed or something in your personality has changed?
okay, do you usually like at work or when you were a student to work individually or in group project? and why?
why do you choose this option?
do you have a certain role model in your life someone %bt you look up to for example in your social life or in the university life? a role model?
do you consider yourself a person .. an easy person to talk to or a difficult one, that people need more time to ice break with you and so?
okay,  is there a certain character if you met you can't deal with? or you won't accept?
because of certain certain quality
can you do without a mobile? and why?
okay can you tell us what do you do every morning and so on?
okay on the weekends do you have certain plans or certain activities? or not .. i mean can you tell us what do you do on the weekends?
do you have certain hobbies or certain sport you like playing? or a sport that you like cheering? i mean every .. tell us more about your hobbies?
okay you listen to songs of course %s?
okay can you tell us %b .. do you like more listening to arabic or english?
and who is your favorite singer?
okay can you tell us about the movie you like the most or what is the last movie you watched? and why did it influenced you? and why did you like the story?
okay can you tell us after graduation what would you like to work?
what is your dream job?
okay did you do internship or have you ever tried full-time or part-time anywhere before?
okay can you tell us about one of them and what experience did you get?
okay since you have tried before to work somewhere do you think that your life while being a university student is better or working life is much better?
sightseeing?
do you like reading?
i mean haven't you tried to read a book before? arabic? english?
okay is there any moment when you feel that it is a turning point and that your life path has changed after this point.
for example you wanted to join certain faculty but you joined another one.
did you want certain major while you had to join another major.
i mean any period in your life when you feel that it is a turning point.
did you feel that it change something in your personality for example?
okay at college would you like to work individually or in team work and why?
do you have a role model? a role model for you in a certain field? on in your social life do you find someone for example sociable so you would like to be like him? or you find someone successful so you want to learn from him?
i can be someone of your family, someone your friends, someone from .. people studying in the university.
okay, do you see yourself someone easy to talk to or do you feel that it's difficult for others to start talking to you because maybe you need more time to get to know each other or to ice break and so on?
okay  which trait do you like the most in yourself and you feel that people like it as well?
okay is there certain character that you can't deal with because he has certain trait that i don't like it?
it's the .. the project now i mean we do these things for build machine or something on machine will help people to predict others and if .. if he is a student or he works or something .. how would he speak in which way so it would direct the person who asks or people on work how to deal with him and how to ask in certain way.
okay can you tell us how do you start your day?
what's your daily routine?
can you tell us what do you do on the weekends? if you have certain plans or activities that you like practicing?
do you have certain hobby that you like practicing? do you read for example? do you practice sports?
can you tell us which book you read before that you liked and influenced you the most? and if you remember certain quote that you liked from it? and was it in english or arabic?
okay which movie do you like watching the most? that you have watched more than once? or the last movie you have watched? i mean could you tell us the story?
okay what if you weren't working now as as i mean ta what would be your dream job what would you like to work?
okay do you think that your life now in the working life is better compared to your university life as a student?
okay have you traveled abroad before?
okay can you tell us about your last trip in egypt where did you travel? and .. and what experience that was there i mean?
do you have a role model or someone that you want to be like him in your life for example or in your working field?
do you feel yourself %sh .. an easy person to deal with or do people need more time to get to know you and at the beginning you don't talk much and so?
is there certain trait if found in someone .. i mean if this trait is in someone yo u would not be able to deal with him?
that's it i'm sure that i will not be able to deal with this person because he has certain trait that i don't like?
okay can you tell us about your daily routine. when do you get up? go to college %t .. i mean tell us every morning when you wake up what do you do?
do you have certain activities you are practicing on the weekend or how do you spend the weekend?
okay do you have certain hobbies you like %t .. practicing i mean?
okay have you traveled abroad before?
okay can you tell us where did you travel and what experience you got from there and which place did you like the most i mean.
what if you got the opportunity for a scholarship or for working abroad would you accept that? i mean to immigrate abroad or would yo you prefer to go on and live here?
and why?
okay do you have a role model, i mean a role model in certain field for example?
okay i will ask you a question would you rather be liked or respected?
i mean would you like when you ask someone to do something to do it out of love or out of respect or because he is for example afraid of you for example?
do you believe that you are an easy person to talk to or it's hard to ice break with others or is it easy to get to know others from the beginning?
okay can you tell us what do you do every morning? i mean what's your daily routine?
okay can you tell us about the plans you have on the weekends and if there are certain hobbies you like practicing for example?
okay can you tell us would you like reading in arabic or in english and which book you have read that affected you, and if there is a certain quote you can tell us and so?
okay can you tell us have you ever traveled abroad before or not?
okay where did you travel internally in egypt, and which city did you like the most .. i mean sorry which place did you like most in egypt as an experience and so.
well, what if you get the opportunity to travel abroad would you accept that or not .. i mean for a scholarship for example or so or would you much like to settle with your parents in egypt?
okay  i will ask you a little more personal question which moment have you ever felt that it is a turning point and that before you used to think in certain way while after it your mindset and your whole life direction has changed.
for example some people mentioned that they had wanted another college but they joined the college .. i mean for example they had wanted college a but they joined college b.
someone told us before that her turning point was when she gave birth before that she wasn't used to have any responsibility then she felt that there is someone that she has to be responsible of.
so can you tell us the moment which you felt is your turning point?
okay  do you have a role model someone who is a role model .. role model for you?
okay, there is a question would you rather be liked or respected, which one would you choose? and why?
okay, do you consider yourself an easy person to deal with or is it hard to easily ice break with others?
okay can you tell us about your daily routine? i mean what do you do every morning?
okay do you have any specific plans you are practicing on the weekends?
okay, for sure you listen to songs.
okay can you tell us .. well do you like reading?
okay can you tell us about the last book you have read? was it in english or arabic? and can it be if there is something about it that affected you .
okay, can you tell us about the last movie you have watched? or which movie do you like and it affected you? and can it be to tell us about something about it that affected you.
okay have you traveled abroad before?
okay can you tell us about which countries have you traveled to? and which sightseeing did you like the most? and which place did you like the most and want to visit it again?
okay did you make friends there? if yes, are you still in contact or not?
okay can you tell us about a domestic trip in egypt a place you have traveled in egypt and you felt that that it's a good place and you would recommend it to other people and so on?
okay what if you got an opportunity for a scholarship or for immigration abroad, would you like that or not? and .. and why?
okay is there any role model in your life? it can be for example %k .. if we talk about social life or for example your life at college?
okay can you live without a mobile? and why?
okay can you tell us what do you do in your day when you wake up, what's your daily routine?
okay do you have any certain hobbies that you like practicing in your leisure time or anytime?
okay do you like more listening to english or arabic songs?
okay do you have a favorite movie or singer that you like listening to?
could you tell us about the story of the movie you watched and you liked the most?
okay what if you got the opportunity to travel abroad for a scholarship or for immigration, would you like to do that? or would you much prefer to settle in egypt?
okay do you like reading?
look i like reading but i'm so much lazy in reading but i like reading.
okay do you prefer reading arabic or english books?
look it depends on the context for example if i will read an arabic book and it's a novel, so yes the novel actually is oriental so i will read it from .. from arabic author.
but if there is something scientific definitely i will go for english so as to be sure that it is a more reliable source no more.
okay is there anybody whom you consider as a role model in your life? someone you look up to and you want to be like him and to learn something from him?
okay there is a question about would you rather be liked or respected? which one would you choose and why?
can you tell us what's your daily routine when you wake up in the morning? and what do you usually do in the beginning of the day?
wow
do you have certain hobbies or certain plan you like practicing on the weekend?
do you like reading in arabic or in english? and would you share us with any book you like reading? and a favorite quote for example or anything to be said?
okay, so now you have mentioned that you will quit working as a ta
what would you like to work? what's your dream job?
okay
okay, do you have a role model or role model in .. in your life for example whether at college or outside college?
okay do you consider yourself an easy person to talk to or not .. or a difficult person to ice break with or an easy person to talk to smoothly when you get to know new people?
okay, there is a question about would you rather be liked or respected? which one would you choose and why?
in class as a ta for example.
okay can you tell us what do you do every morning when you wake up? what's your daily routine?
okay, do you have any specific plans on the weekends or hobbies that you like practicing or so?
okay do you like reading?
okay do you remember the last book you have read was in english or in arabic? and did it affect you?
a story for example.
okay could you tell us about the story of the last movie you have watched?
okay have you traveled abroad before?
okay can you tell us about an internal trip in egypt to a place that you liked?
okay, what if you got an opportunity to travel abroad for a scholarship or for immigration would you accept and like doing that or would you much prefer to settle in egypt?
okay have you passed by a moment which you felt was a turning point? before which you was thinking in a certain way but later on your character and your mindset changed?
okay when you were a student did you prefer to work  individually on a project or to work in group as a team?
okay what if someone in the team was depressed and felt that you will not be done or so how did you %b .. keep up the spirit to keep going?
okay do you have a role model in your life? someone who is your role model in certain field?
okay there is a question about would you rather be liked or respected which one would you choose?
don't you feel that being too much into technology would affect the communication between people?
can you choose anything to persuade us of?
anything
i'm totally convinced
thank you.
okay can you tell us about your daily routine?
what do you do when you get up in the morning?
okay can you tell us what do you do on the weekends? what plans do you have and what hobbies do you like practicing?
okay, do you like reading?
okay can you tell us about the last movie you have watched or a movie you liked the most and liked its story which affected you?
okay, of course you listen to music.
okay can you tell us do you like listening to arabic or english songs and what is the name of your favorite singer for example or a song that you like?
okay can you tell us .. tell us about a place that you visited in egypt and liked it?
the question means do you feel that this situation changed your mindset or ((that before you used act in certain way and then you totally changed)) i mean my character changed not only at college, i mean the question is in general.
okay at college do you like working in groups or to work individually on a project, and why?
okay do you have a role model in your life or i mean a role model
okay  is there certain character  you can't deal with?
i mean certain trait that you don't like the other person to have so you're quite assure that you won't be able to deal with him or it's hard to deal with.
okay can you tell us about something that your parents %by .. criticize you on?
something your parents highlights that you have to change or to modify it.
i believe as well that you are talking from a mechanical perspective, vehicles, wires, and so whereas computer science is not limited to this. in computer science there is software, game development, web development many things that are far away from robot programming or vehicles programming or so.
okay can you start by telling us about your background, where are you originally from, and was your school national or international one?
okay can you tell us how do you start your day? what's your daily routine?
do you have certain plans on the weekend? or for example do you have certain hobbies that you like practicing?
okay do you like listening to music?
okay do you like reading?
okay can yo us about the topics you search? i mean that .. that you are interested in?
ai
okay   can you tell us about the last movie you watched or about the movie you liked the most or could you tell us the story of the movie you like the most.
okay have you ever traveled abroad?
okay  have you traveled internally inside egypt? have you visited for example luxor, aswan, dahab?
okay can you tell us about a trip that you have traveled, what did you do there, and if there is a certain place you have visited and you liked it.
okay, can you tell us which period have you felt that that it's a turning point?
you were before .. someone and while after this moment yo u became someone else or your mindset changed and if that changed something in your character tell us as well.
okay  when you were at college or even now do you like working more in teams or to work individually on any project? and why?
okay do you have a role model? for example in your work scope or in your social life in general? is there someone that you like and want to be like him in one aspect of his personality?
okay there is question about would you rather be liked or respected? which one would you choose?
okay can you tell us how do you start your day? and what's your daily routine when you get up in the morning?
okay  you are listening to english or arabic songs, and can you tell us which song do you like most and which singer do you like listening to?
okay would you like reading?
do you like writing about certain topics? can you show us some of your writings?
can you tell us about when you .. graduate god's willing what's your dream job? i mean do you see yourself working in .. in a company for example software development or web development or game development or do you want to make masters or i mean would you join academic field or would you join the practical life and work in a private agency and so?
okay have you ever tried to do internships or to work part-time or full-time somewhere else than the other place you did the internship that you told us about can you tell us about your experience how was it like?
okay out of your experience do you think which is better the working life or your life as a university student? and why .. why did you choose this option, explain why did you choose this option?
okay can you tell us  about a moment in your life that was a turning point, before which your life was moving in a certain path while after this moment you changed your mindset after this moment your character changed and so on.
okay at college would you like to work projects in groups or do you like to work individually and .. and why?
okay do you have a role model in .. for example in your study or in your social life in general, is there somebody who is your role model in certain field?
okay there is a question says would you rather be liked or respected, which one would you choose and why?
okay is there certain trait in .. in others that you can't deal with?
okay, what situation makes you anxious, i mean what irritates you? or which situation in general makes you irritated?
okay, have you ever tried to talk in english in a situation that don't know the .. the topic you are talking about and to speak too much english words to make others feel that you understand everything and so on?
thank you
okay can you tell us what do you do every morning? what's your daily routine? when you get up what do you do?
okay this is very good
okay have you ever tried reading before?
would you like reading?
okay would you prefer reading in arabic or in english?
okay, is there any quote or say you have read in a book that you liked and like to use it in your life.
okay, no problem?
do you like listening to songs?
okay can you tell us the name of your favorite singer or band you like listening to?
okay can you tell us about the last movie you have watched or a movie that you watched and like to watch it several times i mean you liked the story as it affected you, can you tell us the story of this movie?
okay have you ever traveled abroad before?
okay can you tell us where do you want to travel? and why?
which country would you like to visit?
yes, this is right.
okay, can you tell us about a trip that was internally in egypt and the sightseeing you have watched %kt .. for example you have been to a temple in certain place or have you been to a place where there are nice natural scenes.
okay what if you got the opportunity for a scholarship or for a job offer to travel abroad .. would you accept that or would you to settle here with your parents in egypt.
okay have you felt in certain moment that it was a turning point?
okay at college did you like working individually or in .. in teams in any project? and why?
okay there is a question says would you rather be liked or respected? which one would you choose? and why?
okay do you have a role model in your life? someone you consider as a role model in .. can be at work, it can be in your social life, at home.
okay so answer then.
yes
okay can you tell us how do you start your day?
and i go to sleep.
okay do you have certain hobbies that you like practicing or do you have certain plans on the weekend?
okay do you like reading?
okay in arabic or in english?
okay do you like listening to songs?
okay, can you tell us the story of a movie you have watched and you like it? and why did it affect you?
okay okay i will ask you a question since you talked about this issue.
there is a question which is would you rather be liked or respected?
which one would you choose and why?
why?
okay.
okay  which words can you taught her while she is young?
i mean would you teach her to express herself arabic or english or franais and why?
okay, when you were at college what would you like to work?
what was your dream job?
this is good.
but it has nothing to do with the major?
okay
did you do internships or have you worked part-time or full-time anywhere?
okay what if we compared your life now to your life as a student which is better?
okay
some people mentioned that because when you are a student you have a three month vacation for example?
okay can you tell us which moment did you feel was a turning point before which your life was in a certain direction and then ..?
okay did that change your character?
okay
and why?
okay have you ever faced a situation that you have to talk about a certain topic that you know nothing about, so you tried to interfere english words so as to pretend that you understand and to end the topic quickly?
okay can you live without a mobile and why?
okay can you choose anything and persuade us of?
anything.
that's it.
okay here you go.
i didn't know this info.
it's valuable.
thank you
okay, can you tell us what do you do every morning? what's your daily routine?
okay do you have certain hobbies that you like practicing or do you have certain plans on the weekend?
okay.
okay can you tell us about a quote that you have read before and you like it, and affected you? i mean certain quote that you like applying in your life?
okay, can you tell us about the a movie that you like and like its story? or the last movie you have watched?
okay do you have a certain book that you have read before and influenced you?
okay, what would you like to work when you %t .. graduate? what's your dream job?
okay,  did you do internships anywhere before or did you work part-time or full-time anywhere? and if yes, can you tell us about your experience?
okay do you think your working life is much better or your life as a student? is before graduation differ than after graduation and which is better and why?
okay, can you tell us is there any moment in your life that you felt .. was a turning point?
okay, who is your role model in life? it can be a role model at .. at work, it can be .. or sorry at college, or it can be in your social life. do you see someone for example who is .. dealing with others in certain way for example and you want to be like him?
okay, okay there was a question would you rather be liked or respected which one would you choose?
because i feel that he is not predictable, he can bark and bite you at any time.
okay thank you.
okay can you tell us about your daily routine? what do you do when you get up in the morning?
okay do you have certain hobbies that you like practicing?
okay do you like reading?
okay do you remember what was the last book you have read? or the book that for example has the most impact on you? and whether it is in english or arabic? and if you can share us with a quote for example that you like.
okay, .. do you like watching movies or can you tell us the story of the last movie you have watched?
okay do you like listening to music? and if yes do you like to arabic or english songs as well?
okay have you ever tried joining clubs at college? was it for charity or sports-related for example?
okay  what if you didn't find a job at college what would be your dream job? what would you like to work?
okay  did you do internship before anywhere?
okay in your opinion which do you like more working life or your life when you were a student?
and .. and why do you believe in that? for example is in terms of responsibilities or vacations.
okay who is your role .. role model in your life, at work in the university in your practical life?
okay  there is a question would you rather be liked or respected which one would you choose? and why?
okay,  do you consider yourself an easy person to deal with or i sit hard to get to know you or to ice break with you?
which quality do you like the most in yourself? and why? that you never want to change it.
okay what is the most trait if .. or quality if found in the other person it would be hard to deal with because you don't like or accept such trait
okay is there anything your family criticize you on?
for example clean up your room or stop doing %t .. this thing for example ..
okay well  can you tell me something about yourself that you consider it weird something weird?
can you tell us what do you do every morning and what's your daily routine?
do you have certain plans on the weekends? or for example do you have certain hobbies that you like practicing?
okay can you tell us do you like reading can you tell us do you like reading in arabic or in english? or which type of books do you like reading? which book do you like reading the most i mean that you like and can read it again?
okay  do you like watching movies and can you tell us about the last movie you have watched or can you tell us about the story of a movie that you like.
okay you have said that you weren't never expecting to work as a ta, what was your dream job?
okay.
okay can you tell us if you did an internships before can you tell us about what did you used to do? what what were your tasks?
okay   okay would you prefer working life or your life as a student i mean in terms of days off for example, in terms of responsibilities? and .. and why do you prefer that?
okay when you were at college did yo you prefer working in teams or individually on any project? and .. and why?
okay who is your role model at .. for example at college or i mean when you were studying or in your practical life? do you have a role model and so?
okay there is a question would you rather be liked or respected which one will you choose? and why?
okay can you tell us what do you do every morning? what's your daily routine?
okay do you have certain things to do on weekends? or for example do you have certain hobby that you like practicing?
okay, well  can you tell us what's your favorite sport?
well  do you like listening to songs?
okay can you tell us arabic or english songs? or is there certain type that you like listening?
okay can you tell us the story of a movie that you have watched and you liked it? or the most recent movie you have watched that you liked.
okay do you like reading? or have you ever read any books before?
okay can you tell us in which language do you like reading?
okay what if you didn't work as a ta or when you were a student what was your dream job?
okay can you tell us about the experience you gained.
okay can you tell us do you like more the working life or your life as a student? i mean which one is much better for you? would you like to return back as a student or would you like to go on working? and why?
it can be in terms of responsibilities, days off.
okay which moment in your life that you felt was a turning point?
okay did you feel that change something in your character?
okay when you were at college did you like working in teams or do you like to work individually on any project?
is there certain reason for that?
is there anybody that you can consider your role model? whether at work or in your practical life?
okay
okay there is a question about would you rather be liked or respected? which one would you choose?
but for example  and when you for example teaching at class would you like students to like you more or it doesn't matter but to respect you is much important?
okay can you tell us what do you do when you get up every morning?
what's your daily routine?
okay well  do you have certain hobbies that you like practicing?
but to be the first ones
okay when you read do you like reading in arabic or in english? and is there certain type of writing do you like?
okay okay  do you like listening to songs.
okay okay can you tell us a bout a movie that you like watching or you have watched more than once, can you tell us its story?
okay
and when you were at college have you joined before any clubs or have you participated in any student activities?
okay can you tell me if there is a moment in your life that you felt was a turning point?
okay when you were at college did you like working in groups or did you like working individually on projects? and why?
do you consider yourself someone easy to talk to, or is it hard for others to deal with you, can they instantly get to know you or do they need time for ice breaking?
can you tell us how do you start your day? what's your daily routine?
okay do you like listening to arabic or english songs and do you have certain band or singer that you like listening to?
okay  do you have certain plans or certain things to do on the weekends?
okay do you like reading?
okay is there any quote that you have read in a book and you liked it or you like applying in your life?
which book have you read the most and if yo u can briefly tell us about its story?
which movie have you watched and liked its story? and if you would like can you tell us the story?
okay can you tell us about what's .. your dream job if you were not working as a ta in the university?
okay okay can you tell us about an experience that you gained from an internship that you did before or from a part-time or full-time work?
okay do you much prefer the practical life, the working life or your life as a student? and why?
okay, which moment do you feel was a turning point?
okay do you feel that this changed something in your character?
okay okay while you were at college do you like working in teams or do you like working on projects individually?
okay do you have a role model in your life? whether while studying at college or in your practical life?
okay there is a question would you rather be liked or respected? which one would you choose and why?
and i get convinced
thank you
okay, can you tell us what are you doing every morning? what's your daily routine?
okay, do you have certain plans in the weekends or certain hobbies that you like to practice?
okay, do you like listening to songs?
okay, do you like listening to arabic and english? and can you tell us if you have a favorite song or  singer or a certain band you would like to hear?
okay,  do you like to read?
okay, have you tried .. if you tried reading you would read in arabic and english? and why did you choose this language?
okay, can you tell us about a movie you watched and you liked its plot, the most movie you like or the last one?
okay, when you grow up, get married and have kids, you would like to join them to a national or international school? and what language they will study? and why?
okay,  if you .. you have said that since you were young, you want to be an actor or a director, so the opportunity .. besides acting, do you have another dream job?
okay, have you tried to take an internship or work full-time or part-time?
okay, in your opinion working life is better or your life now as a student? in terms of for example vacations or responsibilities?
okay, have you felt in a moment in your life that it was a turning point? before that you were thinking in a certain way or seeing your life going in a direction and then it became in another direction or something changed your personality?
okay, now while you are in college, would you like to work on projects in teams or individually? and why?
okay, is there anyone you consider him your ideal whether in your study life, your college, your own life or in your direction in acting? is there anyone who is your role model in a certain thing?
okay, here is a question which asks would you rather be liked or respected? which one will you choose? and why?
okay, can you tell us what are you doing every morning? what's your daily routine?
as you like
okay, do you have certain plans in the weekends or certain hobbies that you like to practice?
okay, do you like reading?
okay, do you like to read in arabic or in english? and can you tell us a book which you liked .. a book that you liked or a certain quote that you read in it and affected you and took it as an approach?
you confused me
okay, can you tell us the story of one of the two books?
okay, do you listen to songs?
okay, do you like listening to english or arabic songs?
okay, for example which song you like the most, or the singer you love the most?
okay, we all love amr diab
okay, can you tell us the story of a movie that you like and affected you or the last movie you watched?
okay, when you grow up and have kids, you would like to join them to a national or international school? and what language they will study? and why?
okay, when you grow up, what is your dream job? where you want to work?
what do you want to do?
okay, for example siemens is a company that contains all fields, it contains engineers, hr and everything, its not .. what you want to work in siemens for example? to do .. to code .. to do
you are pretty
okay, in college, would you like to work in groups or do you like to work on project individually? and why?
but, do not you feel like if you worked in a group, you may .. your mate in the group does not finish his task, so you will get low grade?
i mean some people said that working on my own is much better as i can manage my time as i want, and if i rely on someone, we may not be able to agree on the same dates or someone may procrastinate?
okay, here is a question which asks would you rather be liked or respected? which one will you choose? and why?
liked
why?
okay, who is your role model for example in your study, in your practical life or in the .. in volley which you play, he may be a celebrity, one of your family or somebody who is teaching you in the college?
okay,  ..
thank you
okay, can you tell us about hobbies that you like to practice?
okay, do you like listening to songs? and if yes, would you like to hear in arabic or in english?
okay, is there a certain singer you listening to his songs? or a certain song you like to listen to?
okay, can you tell us about a movie that you watched and you liked its plot and influenced you?
okay, can you tell us when .. i mean when you were young, what was your dream job? and now, after you joined your college, what would you like to work?
okay, can you tell us about an internship you have took before or a place where you worked full-time or part-time in it?
okay,  would you rather the practical life, when you will graduate and have a job, i mean the working life or your life in college as you are still a student?
well, have you ever traveled abroad?
okay, can you tell us where did you travel? i mean what countries did you visit before or if there is a place you liked and want to go there again?
is there a certain country you want to visit?
okay, why?
okay, if you get a scholarship opportunity or a job abroad, will you accept or not? and why?
well, can you tell us about a place you visited in egypt that you liked it? tell us about the experience in it?
did you visit any place there? alexandria library for example?
okay, can you tell us about a moment in your life that you felt that it is a turning point?
okay, did this change anything in your personality?
okay, in college, do you like working in teams or individually in .. on any project? and why?
okay, is there anyone you consider him your ideal, a role model in a certain thing, let us say in your career, your college, your life, your church or in home?
okay, here is a question which asks would you rather be liked or respected? which one will you choose? and why?
okay, can you tell us about your daily routine? what do you do every morning when you wake up?
okay, do you used to do a certain thing in the weekends? do you have certain plans?
okay, you said that you used to read, can you tell us about the book that you are reading? or in general, in which language would you like to read, arabic for example? english? which language? and .. and what type would you like to read, let us say literature or .. or a novel for example or what?
okay, would you like to encourage a particular sport or play a certain one?
okay, do you like listening to songs? and if yes, would you like listening to arabic or in english songs? can you tell us about your favorite song?
okay, can you tell us about a movie you watched and its story influenced you, or the last movie you saw for example?
well, what do you want to do when you finished your college? what is your dream job?
okay, can you tell us about an internship you have took before or a full-time or a part-time job? and what is the experience that you got from that job?
well, in your opinion, which is better? working life or your life as a student?
okay, have you ever traveled abroad?
well, is there a certain country you want to travel to?
okay, is there a specific place you want to visit there? that's why you want to go to this country?
okay, can you tell us about a travel you did inside egypt? and tell us about the experience there?
okay, can you tell us about a period in your life in which you felt that it is a turning point?
when i switched
okay, did you feel that this changed anything in your personality? tell us what has changed?
okay, in college, do you like working in teams or individually on any project? and why?
but, some people said that if they worked in .. in teams for example, you can't rely on them, so i would rather take the responsibility of the whole project, so why you choose to work with a team?
okay
okay, is there anyone you consider him your ideal in your life? whether in the college or in your practical life?
why?
insisting
okay, here is a question which asks would you rather be liked or respected? which one will you choose? and why?
why?
well, do you consider yourself a person who people can talk with him easily or its hard to break the ice with you? and why?
okay, do you have difficulty to deal with people of different social levels?
this means that you can not deal with people for example who are higher or lower than you at the social level?
okay, what is the personal trait that you like the most in yourself and you do not want it to change at all?
okay, is there a certain trait or a nature if you found in a person, no way you can deal with him? i mean a trait that you do not like to be in the person who you are dealing with?
okay, can you tell us about the most common situation you can be nervous about?
how do you act at the .. at this time?
okay, have you tried before talking with someone in english and acting like you can understand him just to keep on track but originally you don't understand the topic?
okay, can you live without mobile? and why?
well, can you choose something and convince us of it? this the last question
we too, god
well, can you tell us about how your day begins? what is your daily routine?
okay, can you tell us about the series that you are watching, its story, or if you want to tell us about the story of a movie that you watched and affected you?
well, do you like listening to songs?
okay, do you like listening to arabic or english songs? and can you tell us if you have a favorite song or a singer you like listening to?
okay, okay do you like reading?
okay  can you tell us what do you do in the crossfit?
can you tell us what's your dream job, what would you like to work when you grow up?
okay, did you take any steps to achieve this dream or how would reach it out?
okay, you mentioned that you worked part .. are you part-time now?
in your opinion life is much better as a working life or as a student life?
okay can you tell us about a moment when you feel that it was a turning point?
okay did you feel that it changed your personality when you took this decision?
okay there is a question would you rather be liked or respected, which one do you choose and why?
okay okay when you were at college did you like to work in teams or individually on any project, and why?
okay, do you have any role model in .. whether in study, or in your life in general, for example for the acting that you want to reach, do you have any role model?
okay, can you tell us what do you do when you get up every morning? what's your daily routine?
okay, do you have certain plans on the weekends? for example certain hobbies that you like to practice?
okay, okay do you like reading?
okay, can you tell us do you like reading in arabic or in english and if there is a book that has an impact on you for example if there is a quote you get from it that you like applying in your life?
okay okay, do you like listening to songs?
okay, do you like listening to arabic or english songs and who is the singer do you like listening to the most?
there is nothing in specific.
can you tell us about the movie story, the movie that has the greatest impact on you and if there is no specific movie can you tell us about the story of the last movie you have watched?
can you tell us its story?
okay after finishing college what would you like to work? what's your dream job.
what.
okay can you tell us about part-time job or full-time job that you worked i mean or if you did an internship can you tell us about the experience you gained.
okay do you think that working life is better than your life as a student?
why?
can you tell us which period in your life that you felt was a turning point?
okay and what did that change in your character?
okay when you were at college did you like working in teams or individually on any project?
can you tell us why did you choose to work in teams.
do you have a role model? a role model in a specific field?
in study, in life, in the .. the .. for example in a sport that you practice?
okay okay there is a question would you rather be liked or respected, which one would you choose and why?
can you tell us what do you do every morning, what's your daily routine?
okay okay do you have certain hobbies that you like practicing?
okay do you like reading?
okay okay do you like listening to songs?
okay can you tell us about the movie you like the most and tell us its story or the last movie you have watched?
okay okay what would you like to work after finishing your college? what's your dream job.
okay did you take internship before anywhere or to work full-time or part-time?
okay  from your own point of view is working life better than your life as a student, and why?
okay can you tell us about a moment that you felt was a turning point?
okay did you feel that it changed something in your character?
okay okay when you were at college did you like working in teams or individually on any project? and why?
okay, do you have a role model, a role model in your life whether in study, in your social life, at home?
okay do you consider .. sorry .. there is a question would you rather be liked or respected, which one would you choose and why?
okay do you have certain hobbies that you like practicing?
okay do you like reading?
do you read in arabic or in english? is there a specific book that has a great impact on you that you would like to tell us what was it about?
okay  %bt you like watching movies of course.
okay can you tell us what was the movie you have watched and had a great impact on you, can you briefly tell us the story or tell us about the last movie you watched if there is no specific movie actually?
okay can you tell us what type of songs do you listen to and whether they are in arabic or in english or in other language or for example if there is certain song that you like or certain singer that you like listening to?
okay is there certain quote that you like applying in your life or you are following?
okay after graduation what would you like to work? what's your dream job?
but computer science is vague as well, i mean it includes for example software development, game development, web development, there is no specific thing?
okay can you tell us about the experience you gained from doing internship or for example from part-time or full-time work?
okay in your opinion working life is much better or your life as a student at college?
some people said for example that the student life is much better because of the vacations, the three month vacation is granted, or because of low responsibility. i'm free not to study at faculty but at work i'm committted to a deadline and i have to work so as not to get fired, so what do you think?
okay can you tell us about a moment in which you feel that it was a turning point?
okay did you feel that it changed your character?
okay when you were at college did you like working in groups or do you like working individually on any project, and why?
okay  do you have a role mode, someone who is a role model in certain thing whether in your social life or at work .. sorry .. at college?
okay there is a question would you rather be liked or respected, which one would you choose and why?
okay can you tell us when you get up every morning what's your daily routine, what do you do?
can you tell us what type of music do you like listening to if you like listening to arabic or english or there is a certain band or someone that you listen to?
no problem, no problem
okay would you like reading? have you ever tried reading before?
okay
okay  can you tell us about a movie that you have watched and that had a great impact on you?
okay okay what would you like to work when you grow up? what's your dream job after finishing college?
okay okay can you tell us about the experience you gained from the internship or from your part-time or full-time work that you did?
okay through this experience which is better the working life or your life as a university student?
okay can you tell us about a moment in which you felt that it's a turning point?
okay did you feel that it changed your character?
okay when you were at college did you like working in teams or working individually on any project, and why?
okay do you have a role model whether at work, at college, or whether in your life in general?
someone a role model?
okay there is a question about would you rather be liked or respected which one would you choose and why?
okay can you tell us how do you start your day what's your daily routine?
okay do you have certain plans on weekends?
okay do you like reading?
okay can you tell us about a movie that you have watched and liked its story, can you tell us the story?
do you like listening to songs?
do you like listening to arabic or english and can you tell us about the name of the singer you like?
okay can you tell us about through experience do you like more working life or your life as a student which one do you prefer?
okay have you traveled abroad before?
okay can you tell us where did you travel and .. and which country that you like did you visit the most and is there a place that you want to visit again?
okay can you tell us which period in your life did you feel is a turning point?
okay did you feel that it changed something in your character?
okay okay when you were at college did you like working in teams or did you like to work individually on any project and why?
okay can you tell us who is your role model, someone you consider a role model in in your life whether at work, at home, in your social life.
okay there is a question about would you rather be liked or respected? which one would you choose and why?
okay do you consider yourself an easy person to deal with or do others neeed more time to break the ice with you?
okay which trait if found in others you wouldn't be able to deal with these characters something you don't like in others?
national school.
and where were you born?
in alexandria.
computer science
smart board
how to make the board or how to using laser pointer and it will be acted as a mouse that's it.
what do you mean by what do you do in your day?
no i get up in the morning i dressed up and go to college, i take the bus, that's it.
everyday i get up at six thirty a.m.
i go to gym
cooking
pasta macaroni
yes
it was in english
it was called manuscript found in accra
it's for paulo coelho
it had a great impact on me
and it was about jerusalem before persaders invaded it.
and it was describing the the feelings of fear anxiety
all these things before knowing that other people would invade their country.
and this is their feelings.
and everyone was talking and there was a philosopher that was answering them back.
in this book?
if i correctly remember there was something called be proud of your scars that's it.
nobody
gym
i was in mun and i'm older than you before it was called sife now it's called enactus.
these are the two main activities that i was enrolled in model of united nations and what we call now enactus.
i was i was a secretary in the security council and basically a model of united nations.
they were events to mimic the events of united nations among which security council.
that was the position i was in charge of secretary position.
both
no
no
i don't know
i would like to work as a researcher rather than a teacher actually.
did you do internships before at college ..
i was in mun
in ibm
and .. and it was nice
and there was another training in siemens.
it was nice as well but still i find myself more in my career.
yes, i can say something like that
no, my life when i was a student at college
because i mean it was balanced.
it was level of freedom versus level of responsibility but not like now.
currently level of responsibility is much higher.
so there is no the same flexibility in time as before.
i want to return back as a student.
yes.
i have been to finland, turkey and german.
i have to say the last trip which was german because i had worked well there and actually it was very fruitful.
yes, i have to say yes.
yes, we are still in contact.
research stay related to phd
my phd is related usable security.
basically usable security means to have system that is both usable in terms of being convenient to the user the user should know how to use it and yet to be secured so as not to be vulnerable to different sorts of attacks.
so basically we're analyzing the different ways of attacks and we're trying now to figure out usable way to secure the the mobile systems.
yes, paris.
i have no idea but i feel that many people went there they had an experience so i can go there.
no, i would immigrate.
if it wasn't german then it would be emirates.
in german i have contacts in these countries if i traveled actually i'm determined that i will travel, work and know exactly what i want to do.
but in emirates i have besides having already many friends actually, it is a promising market.
i went to dahab.
this is the fifth or sixth time that i have been to dahab.
so no it's beautiful
i like the country very much.
we haven't any activities actually in the last trip but definitely we went to blue balls three pools.
everything in dahab actually
no
i mean my life sequence is not moving in this way.
definitely life is not moving smoothly
but i think definitely everybody can face problems at work.
but i mean for example i faced a problem at my master's time.
but that didn't hinder me from doing it.
afterwards i discovered that it was something very strong.
but the problem that occurred to me at that time was a big one and thanks god i overcame it actually.
no individual
i'm in control of every aspect of the work so thats why i think that it is better to work on my self on my own.
no, but is there a role model in certain field?
i mean everyone i see is a role model in certain field
can you mention examples if there certain thing that you want to say.
i mean so the so so in my life for example on the personal level i believe that my mother is a great person.
at work i see that professor slim for example he's a very good teacher actually
i mean i learn something from everybody.
respected
i consider myself an easy person to deal with but you have to ask other people about it actually.
no, at all
i have no problem at all in this issue.
no, i deal normally.
i don't feel that there is any problem actually
sycophants
yes there is a term that i won't mention, those people who want to impress their boss or or so so they kept flattering him.
it's that you're you're great
you're great
you're wow
when work exceeds
i learned to classify tasks into urgent and important
do you know urgent and important distribution?
it is that if the task is urgent and important it's the first thing to be done.
urgent but not important it's the second thing that should be done and so forth.
to hide that i don't understand
yes, it happened.
no i mean, i mean what was the reaction?
no, i think it passed that's it.
no
no
because everything is there.
everything i need is there.
i need it for communication with others i mean
that's it?
okay
okay i used to live in fayoum till the first secondary then i moved to cairo because i was practicing in el bank al ahly club and .. %k swimming actually.
when i'm done there and i get to know my friends and other people and groups and so on and i get to know that there is a university called guc.
whatever my total grade was i mean i enrolled here.
whatever my total grade was i mean i enrolled here in the university.
in the beginning i wanted to joined mechatronics
and then i joined met
currently i'm more interested in web development
and i try to search for new interests.
okay, i selected the major i mean i was thinking at first about mechatronics.
i found that in met as well frankly many of my friends enrolled there and i know others who graduated.
they took the bachelor and did the masters abroad or in egypt so i liked the idea actually.
and i felt that they are in so .. i can join more than field in met.
not .. it doesn't have great reputation
met is different i mean
my bachelor is a verification of the online images.
it's supposed that i received online use and i have to make sure of the source whether it's right or not.
i check the photos whether they're correct or not, photoshopped, faked, ((corrupted)) by any means of new editors or any software applied on the image i can detect it.
to use several programming language not only one which is the only benefit in the bachelor.
i don't have a fixed routine.
i don't have something in particular to do everyday.
i can get up at seven in general i don't sleep much so i can get up .. usually i get up at five because of college and to catch the bus and so on actually so i get used to do that.
i can tell you the routine that i'm getting used to.
i was getting up, go to the exercise, return back to have breakfast.
if i have classes at college i would practice at college.
and then i continue the day at college and stayed there till six or seven something like that.
then i returned back by bus and since i live far away, i live in shoubra so it takes time so i returned back home at eight o'clock for example.
i just eat and watch anything on the internet on facebook, youtube anything and then i go to sleep.
on the  weekend most of my weekend i spend in club or .. in club or in exercise or meeting my friends or something like that but i don't travel thank god.
besides i'm getting used to swim all time but actually i don't consider this a hobby it's more a sport.
i read a lot.
and i like learning many languages as well.
there is more than one book but i can mention the most recent one.
a book called the flinch
for james something i don't remember actually james what?
it's about the flinch when you're worried when you're about any trial to worry for example about jumping from the plane or doing anything this is called flinch it means that you're hesitated.
so how do you overcome it and how do you go on in anything or try anything and not to keep waiting, something like that.
i liked it because it shows that you shouldn't wait something in specific to start working, that's it.
okay since i enrolled in college i joined two clubs.
club enactus
in the club generally we are working on projects, not logistics, or hr or something of that sort certain projects we're in charge of a project.
i was working on a project called furny cards.
we used to deal with a big company related to decorations and so.
they used to send us designs and we do  furniture by using cards.
car boards
and we know how to sell it and we used uneducated or physically disabled or mentally to do the cards or to make furniture and to sell it so as to be a profit for them.
i was in another club as well but it was race cars.
he was in charge of organizing events
and there are events that are being held here in the settlement.
we were responsible of organizing the events i join as an usher in most of the university activities.
this is most of the activities i do at college actually.
i tried both working individually of course has benefits and team work has benefits but %k .. i mean on the long run of course it has to be team work.
working individually you can reach to a point and then give up everything and you don't want to go on on anything so you quit.
no team works they encourage each others
they learn more from the mistakes you feel that you learn
working individually there is no one to revise after you so you feel that you're sleeping actually.
most of the time english but it can be arabic i like it i mean arabic that is little lebanon dialect or little far away than the egyptian culture actually.
or the old movies that we get used to watch long time ago but now i'm not following.
i mean english or arabic?
anything?
the most singer
it can be eminem
sometimes i was much listening to her because i like to enthusiasm myself during the training so i actually get used to that long time ago.
okay who else do i listen to my oh god? i listen to fayrouz so much.
about school no i don't think that i will enroll them in a national school because i was in a national school and there is no benefits.
and then i saw people from international schools and i liked their way of thinking.
it can be a german school.
pardon me what is the question once more?
what are you going to teach them when they start speak? which words would you teach them? and in which language?
i will slightly go far away from the issue of teaching them words in a specific language besides the language you are using because it's the language they will first use. i mean later on they can understand second languages.
so most of things are in arabic i don't think so i mean when we get far away from this topic we will not force you actually.
and that's it once they started to understand the languages they can understand more the meaning of the words and we can teach them the words in another language and the language that is not being used at home or the language that he can use at school or somewhere else.
what i really want to do, i don't want to be an employee or i mean by income or to work in certain company and to take income per month sorry salary monthly and i mean currently i'm searching for being an entrepreneur.
i took a courses in entrepreneurship so as to know how to make start-up how to make it abroad or in country because i'm not sure about my status  of course.
but this is the point but my dream job it's no it's my dream company for example my dream organization more than dream job.
which field?  at first i was thinking of web development because i took an experience from the internship and i took courses and so on.
but lately i mean i didn't find this topic ..
it was not my great interest
so currently, i search and ask as well the major i enrolled in .. i enrolled in because of several factors  it has several ways to learn several fields not only web development.
the reason of my bachelor i enrolled in a field that's totally different image processing to see the .. as well the work field how would it be like.
but now there is a stage that i'm searching actually.
i worked as a part-time for a while in the company i did before internship i did internship for three months.
and the manager slightly liked my work and the supervisor so he proposed part-time job so i thought of trying it.
part-time job is the same as the internship it was the same eight hours five days per week.
i used to go there at eight a.m.
it was a company located in dokki so it was slightly near to my house.
i started to be like a tracker we adjust our schedule and so on actually.
and continuously working i mean for example i used to work for example every hour i used to take a break a 15 minutes break.
we ask each other more frequently it's not a desk job and that's it.
but i mean i liked the job nature that was in the company.
yes, frankly as a student at college actually.
working life is something amazing it's beautiful but full of risks and then you're alone so if things messed up so body you have to handle it alone.
so working life is definitely good, be of its advantages is that it's risky as well and you can get profit of course ; however, student life is a little bit lazy that you love .. learning bit by bit. i mean you still have have time to learn then go for the working life instead of rushing to the working life instantly
i have tried working individually before at university and it was really exhausting and difficult
i actually succeeded as i got certain grades for example or the project became very good. i'm proud of it but i was not pleased with the journey of the project. i am not pleased with the four month project.
when i attended the internship and when i went the course, we used to take a lot of tutorials and everybody was sharing so i enjoyed that very much.
not all of us was working and there were so many problems but i felt that the team and i were supporting each other as they can explain everything to me .
until the situation became very disorganized, it was .. was a better experience rather than individual work
once before i had a partner in the team
what i am trying the most is that once you had a break, you stopped working
you don't have to exert much effort in order to reach something just stop and have a break
you take it step-by-step restored with him too tackle the problem step by step simply at all all as if we are going to learn from the beginning as if you are kids
being simple makes you feel that you're not alone and it's okay to make mistakes and it's okay that you are not as the same level as the other people so you will start feeling some security then you have energy to continue
yes i have traveled before to romania
it was a camp .. camp for two weeks
the camp was for two weeks as well  the camp was sponsored by organization international organization
the idea is that you go to this camp that has to do with swimming training that i used to attend.
you go there to train people and teach them . in addition to this, they used to have a competition by the end with fourteen members from different countries and you started talking with them about the cultures there
how do you live together? how do you eat? how do you earn money? what about your jobs?
it is as if you got to know many countries
there were a lot of places; for example, if i'm going to talk about the best place in egypt, it will be dahab, the blue hole or three pools
those were .. were great times as when we went there before, we spent .. spent three days alone in the camp
so it was really good because it's one of the best places that i have ever seen, to be honest and i will not regret traveling the long road to go there
the best place abroad? i can see that it was a really good because i have been to only one country
the country that i traveled was all about forests so the experience was new for me as i haven't seen this before in egypt at all so for me it was good and i will never forget it
of course i will travel
of course i will travel
traveling is nothing but when you want to travel and try new things, it's already an experience that helps you learn everything like how to manage your time how to manage your money and what you are going to spend on food. you will take spending money into consideration
you get to know new people so your way of thinking will change for example you spent say twenty two or twenty three years with people that have the same mindset but when you go there, you will find that the society is not easily persuaded of anything that you say
you should find a way to persuade them
so the experience was really good, it's better not to miss such chance once you got it
a turning point  in my life? once there was something related to my father, yes, my father . he was in a coma and was suffering from some problems that i started to feel more responsible.
he was in a coma for three months that i was responsible for his work and i had to deal with the problems there as .. i felt that i became more mature a little bit . it's not only about working but also leaving my family alone and being at university to finish that projects at university that i have there in addition to meeting my university colleagues so i felt that it would be better if i balanced between both of them
it taught me how to balance between them and that's it
it usually depends on the person in front of me. if i feel that the person in front of me really wants to talk with me and to ice break, i start talking with him freely but for me, i really like ice breaking . i don't like being isolated from people.
i love talking with people freely and it's not necessarily to be right or wrong or, for example, or to be upset with me or angry from me but with all my respect, of course but i really like to get along with people so you should love this and learn how to do this.
so i felt that i have .. i am educated, actually, i won't say that it's a gift but i am educated so i feel free to talk and it's okay with me no matter what as long as it's in a respectful way.
i don't know what to say, yes but i should change my way of speaking, there's a special way you use when you deal with strangers unlike the way you use to deal with those you live with. so it will be different, of course but no i can talk with them but in a different way
i mean if somebody that got used to me realized that i have totally changed my way with one hundred eighty degree so when he sees me, he will say that i am not used to speaking this way.
definitely, yes when i speak with another person so this is the way how i can let them understand my view point.so it depends. i shouldn't have only one way to let people understand my point.
i will start with the good thing but i will laugh about the weird one at the end
it's good for me a little bit. it's not about being courageous but rather about .. about being spontaneous as i say what i think at once as i don't even think about it or repeat those words
so .. definitely, i am trying to do my best avoid this disadvantages this as much as i can
but yes, i am very honest and i usually like meeting my friends
i usually like checking on people even those who don't care
i love checking on everyone
i really love .. helping people
it makes me internally pleased, it may be nonsense. i may not believe this but this is the truth.
what i usually say is that i am a little bit honest
being honest is not .. not humiliating to the one in front of me.i mean if somebody did something wrong with me and i wanted to criticize him, i won't speak with him bluntly but it's totally the opposite as i will start speaking a step by step with him
if i don't care about this person, it will not care.
something that's weird, that i am very silly
yes actually, i mean my bachelor in particular
my doctor
once i took such a start, he made me feel that i shouldn't do this at all as it's very trivial
so once he said that it's trivial, i became in the mood
but yes, it's because of the courses that we have at university and because of the doctors and tas at university, you are forced to act like this way, to go freely in this path
yes, i can live without a mobile
actually, the mobile is not a great part of my life because i made myself busy doing other things, for example, as i said i usually read, as for my reading, i love the .. don't love the soft copies
i train how to talk with people more
as for the mobile part, if i want to contact with somebody who's far from me that i can't reach him, i can't meet him, i won't be able to speak with him this way that he was away or even if there's an emergency and he cannot come then he did his best to come
a situation for example, or a specific idea, or what?
to make you persuaded of this?
if you have a shower with cold water everyday, will you lose weight.
the idea that you take a shower with cold water may make you crazy, as nobody will take a cold shower but you will take a cold shower, okay?
a step by step at first except that you feel as if you are dropped off from a plane or you went skydiving, it's really hard as you cannot breathe, you .. you cannot understand this
you feel that it's easy for two or three minutes and everything is okay although the situation is difficult for example, you will jump from a plane, as you will make something great so you will feel great
in this way, no, you feel that it's normal and that you can do anything like doing exercises, running, swimming or doing anything, your adrenaline will make you gain an experience .. you will feel wow so that you can do anything
how to lose wait? as you will walk a lot and think and of course, you won't eat
try this
you're most welcome
okay, i was born in kuwait
i lived there for eighteen years.
then i come to egypt to join university
i went to an international school
i used to be in an igs i mean just before i joined university
once i am done with igs, i went to egypt as soon as possible
i came here in 2010
and i have been living here on my own for nine years.
okay i thought that the first year at university was really difficult
i wasn't actually sure which department department i wanted to join.
joining the faculty of engineering was mostly right because i am the only boy for my parents so i can't be anything other than an engineer or a doctor
but given the circumstances and i am already the only boy so i had troubles dealing with people in general.
i'm sort of introvert a little
i felt that this is the most suitable field for me personally
because dealing with computers is a lot easier than dealing with human being
actually, the social aspect in my life was minor and the component was very weak
so i was not able to deal with people so it was more comfortable with dealing with computers
so plus that i was good at it actually
i mean i remember when i was in cs one, yes, i got b minus but but i used to explain to others
may be the grades weren't fair due to the circumstances
but in cs two i think i got an a easily actually
okay so i guess that my study was normalized normally like anybody else in my class
i think it's all cs projects, except maybe for my bachelor project
my bachelor project was about 3d object recognition which was something fancy actually at that time.
actually, yes, now the situation becomes easy but at that time in two thousand and fifteen, the project was a little bit difficult for me
actually, i spent more than two months and every day, i spend from twelve to sixteen hours in front of my laptop alone
so i believe actually that it is one of the defining experiences in my life
i felt that yes this is what hard work actually means
my usual routine is that i feel as much as i can that i sleep seven hours as a block
i don't my sleeping time
i may spend a whole year taking three or four naps in total
i really hate taking a nap in the middle of the day as i wake up suffering from headache. i don't like this so i try as much as i can to sleep for one block for seven hours, that's it
if i sleep at eleven o'clock, i get up at five o'clock.
if i sleep actually no sorry from eleven till five o'clock around six hours
if i sleep at eleven o'clock, i get up at six o'clock.
if i sleep at eleven o'clock, i get up at five o'clock and so on.
but once i get up, obviously actually i read a few articles. actually, once you get up, you are supposed to take a cold shower because this shock makes blood migrate into the inner organs rather than the outer organs.
so it sort of gives you like a awake up call, it alerts you.
because your organs have entered a sort of hibernation state while you are asleep.
so once you take a cold shower, water i mean blood flows into the organs out actually away from the skin cells
so it actually works
actually the cold shower makes you awake
but yes actually and as soon as i take my shower i just get my breakfast and come to uni or work actually
unfortunately i'm not a very sportive person
so i watch tv series and this is the only thing i do in weekends
that's it
actually netflix mainly
okay, the last movie i have watched was split
i wanted to go and watch a movie called glass
i felt that i have watched unbreakable although it was very old movie that i watched long ago
i really liked it
and obviously glass is based on unbreakable and split
i watched split and it was actually really interesting.
actually, the concept of multi-personality disorder is really really interesting.
actually when i watched youtube videos that discuss a topic a little bit fancy topic
as at one point, there was a woman that a man was asking her questions and she was replying having a certain attitude, tone and way after that with a few minutes exactly, he asked her the same question and she answered in a different way and the content of the answer is totally different
her tone of voice is totally different and the accent sort of even it becomes a little bit different as if she is southern i mean the southern states although she is not southern at all
actually, it's a little bit creepy.
so but actually it's an interesting movie
very interesting
my favorite author or who i love reading for is khaled el husseiny
the theme of khaled elhusseiny in general is just pain trauma which is painful drama actually which is the only thing that teaches human being honestly
actually all his books are good but maybe the book that influenced me the most was and the mountains echoed.
i believe actually
it was .. was a very gloomy book honestly
generally, the author is from an afghan background
he was a refugee actually and left afghanistan and went to pakistan then migrate to the us.
so all his stories are themed around the refugees and the war that started in afghanistan and so on.
as the story tackles a character that lived during the war and actually how did she stumble upon one family to the other
and then how the war influenced them although this woman was from a very wealthy family
and how she went down and lived in a low state and it's really bad actually
but and and how did she find i guess a true love
eventually, there should be the part of love and imaginary in order to make an entertaining story actually i guess
i guess it depends on the geographical state that we will be in
actually, i'm not sure honestly as i should stay in egypt or leave
actually, i'm not settled yet
so it's assuming to travel another country so i'm guessing that any school will do
actually, there's a standard of education and there's not a great difference
most probably the majority of schools are almost the same thing
otherwise, if i am here in egypt, i guess since that there is a great diversity in schools such as the experimental, international, national and the elite schools
it's really very diverse and very difficult
it's a very difficult choice
so i guess personally that i choose the french schools for girls i guess
based on my personal experience, some of friends in my class are actually graduates of french and i felt that their education level, their level of education is really good and very satisfying at least
so based on that based on my previous experience and what i noticed from my friends, i think that such schools will be most suited for my kids, i guess.
well, i'm guessing or actually i'm not guessing that being a ta is not my dream job
i don't believe that it's anyone's dream job
i personally try to acquire a position in an r and d.
but the problem is on the r and d position i mean that the r and d requires the academia
and i don't like the academia
but it's a temporary state and it is a requirement
so i'm trying to pass through this phase so that i can move on to an r and d for example it could be a corporate or it could be a research center institute.
it shouldn't be related to the academia
and the internships that i attended as i have attended an internship before in an oil company
i used to work with the network administrator
we used to try to set up sort of a network because they are ip cams it should all log in on the server so the owner of the company that lived in the us and he wanted to log in to see what's going in his company through his ipad so it was interesting
actually, i acquired a lot of knowledge about the networks in general based on this project.
so this that was one interesting internship, honestly
actually, this actually from the little internships that i was forced to work on on my own and to deal with a lot of people
unlike the usual time you spend in your room using your laptop as you code your tasks and send emails and that's it
i do not think that i want to be student anymore
i'm actually i don't enjoy academic to be honest
i'm not .. i don't enjoy teaching teaching process
to me this is just a temporary phase with it as soon as possible and i'm trying to get done
being a student obviously would be something interesting if i'm learning something interesting
actually if i got a phd position for something that i actually really like i'd definitely be interested to be a student once again actually
but for the time being i'm looking for a job and such actually .. no i would like to go back to the market now actually
i have traveled to so many places, honestly
but the longest period of time i spent was in holland netherlands, i stayed there for a year
i stayed in germany for four months
so i guess the most remarkable moment is when i .. was in the greenery actually
actually, i really lack this here in cairo, honestly
i remember one day when one of my friends visited me and we sat in front of rijksmuseum that is the rembrandt museum
yes, the rijksmuseum and the rembrandt museum are close to each other
anyways actually there's a greenery place and it's like a patch sort of hill
but it's a made-up hill actually
so we stayed there
we stayed for three or four hours
the weather was really good
i think that that day was the most remarkable day for me in the whole year actually
i made friends but not at work
it's very difficult making friends at work
i actually made more friends from the course of deutsch that i used to study
so that was pretty interesting
i'm still in touch with some of them, not all of them obviously
but i don't think that i make other friends
yes they were but they were with me at the dutch course
on the top of my mind right now actually i would love to go to japan, honestly
to me, it's a very interesting place
actually, i think i would love to go to japan anytime soon.
that next to switzerland as well
actually, i've always looked forward to visiting switzerland
but definitely the price tag of each trip, no matter how little it is, it becomes bigger honestly so it's something to think twice about actually
it depends on the scholarship itself
it depends on the position that's offered actually and the scholarship that's an offer as well
i am guessing obviously a scholarship is something nice to have and a position is obviously something to seek for whether or not this is something suitable to me right now that it's a very difficult decision actually and that's it
i guess there were a lot of turning points
but i believe maybe the first six months after work was the turning point in my life as i felt that i'm no longer a child actually
actually, i'm an adult and i'm responsible for myself
and it's .. the stress at work was really violent at that time of my life in particular so i felt that okay actually this is the difficult choice to make
that are you happy?
if so are you i mean is there something you can do to make you more happy or less unhappy?
so i believe that's one of the turning points
okay i, as a student, i personally prefer working individually not in group projects
but now that i worked i believe that it became different
and i really appreciate the group work
however i would always prefer that the task given to me is not a task that i need to do for somebody
actually, assuming that there are pools of tasks so assign to me tasks as many tasks as you want and i submit those tasks to you so as he can continue working on the tasks or he adds this to another part
he and i will not be working on the same task
actually assuming that if there are a presentation or a report that need to be made, i can be responsible for the presentation and he will be responsible for the report or vice versa
it's not necessary to work on the presentation together or to work on the report together
i feel that's counter-productive actually
there are but outside university
i believe that my personal role model right now is elon musk
he is that kind of person who wakes up at 4 am actually
because he is the one who made space x
he is the one who made paypal
he is the one who made tesla
so so .. yes this is definitely something i look up to actually
i believe you can never actually target the .. or actually tackle the idea of liking someone or loving someone no matter how good you are as a person either be .. actually you'll always be criticized in a way
so if we will talk about the personal sorry the professional perspective and career-wise i believe i'd rather be respected than liked
yes, being loved among your colleagues at work is obviously something that you would love to find and something that you would seek but it's impossible
you will never be loved by all your colleagues at work
it's almost impossible
so i'd rather be liked, honestly
get things done faster
i believe that no i'm not an approachable person at all
actually i'm not an easy person to deal with at all
but at work actually as long as we are at work yes it's simple and easy
but as for the personal level no, i take a lot of time to come on to someone and just actually be natural with them actually
so there are always a lot of layers before dealing with a normal person as he's somebody i have known since ages
indecisiveness
i hate indecisive people
i don't like for example the concept of having a meeting no so let's all decide no we can do a or we can say that we will do b or it could be c, which is okay this is not going to work
so it's okay as all these options are on the table but we need to make a decision
that if you are indifferent and passive to everything i mean then we might not have this meeting
actually, i feel that it's pointless
but not at university
i'm sure that i've done this once or twice within an interview which i think is allowed, i mean, in an interview.
but i don't do this inside the class
actually once when one of one of the students asks me if i don't i mean if something .. i mean if somebody asks me whether i know this or not, i tell him.
no and when i was .. no during the evaluation yes when i was a student yes when i was having evaluations definitely
yes i definitely
exactly actually
i definitely had to do that
but now, as a teacher, no, i definitely don't do that
actually when somebody asks whether i know this or not, i say no and i ask him to send me an email then i will reply with the answers as soon as possible.
i guess in the evaluations i remember in particular actually when there were many situations, it definitely did help me up
actually it means that if i spoke about the project and how much effort i exert and what to-do-list i prepare regarding this class and the other class and i guess that it worked eventually actually
not proud of it but it did happen honestly yes.
no because the majority of people that i deal with on daily basis are not there around me
actually my parents live outside egypt so i will never be able to communicate with them if i don't have a mobile
it's almost impossible actually
i think that one of the most important points that people skip or don't care about is sleeping seven hours
actually, this is that you have no idea how much research shows actually actually very very important for a human being
i mean as much as that people stop growing after twenty-five and that you are already after twenty-five it's a countdown for you to die basically
but sleeping seven hours is .. is so vital
actually research shows that sleeping less than seven hours will actually actually i mean .. will actually most probably lead to elevated heart beat so the blood pressure will rise, you'll be susceptible to the slightest things happening at work actually, so you will be passive-aggressive, you will be overweight easily
definitely, i'm not exactly sure what i am not sure of casualty and effect in everything, actually how each one happens, but actually i'm sure that i've read a research that shows that all of this happens if you sleep less than seven hours
so i feel that one of the underrated things is that somebody sleeps less than seven hours
i'm sure that you don't want to lose weight at one point and you don't want to suffer from high blood pressure at any point in time soon
so if you want to avoid these two things you definitely need exactly or more than seven hours .. actually to sleep less than seven hours as a block actually.
actually, i was born here in cairo here in egypt
i used to be at traditional national schools and all of them are arabic before university
then i joined guc, then when i was graduated from guc, i became a ta
i was at university, then i worked as a ta at the same university where i used to study till now
i started to be .. interested in my .. my major starting from semester 3 at university although at the beginning totally against it, i didn't want to go for this major at all
starting from semester three, i felt that i am more interested rather than the other majors
and starting from semester three i decided that i will continue in this major until i graduate, god willing
my bachelor project is about something entitled semantic web
most of the search engines there were .. were working on their .. their .. their logic based on the linguistic part that the user enter regardless of its meaning and what he means by this
we used to try to make a semantic search engine that reasons or understands the user that writes a term in the .. the search engine and what he means by that trying to show the best results that can fit the .. the term or the query that the user entered
i do nothing except for getting up, having breakfast and getting dressed
so basically the weekend is just for resting and sleeping and the .. the extra thing that can be done is to visit my .. family, relatives and so on, that's it
my hobbies are mostly reading and the .. the .. the computer games, if i can call it a hobby, that's it
maybe i read a lot of books and all of them are good
most of them were novels actually they are not .. not .. not scientific books or something
a novel entitled morning and evening talk by naguib mahfouz was one of my favorites, and when i watched the .. dramatic adaptation as it was adapted into a series or something and it was adapted in a very well presentation
there was the prisoner of zenda and it was also very well.
and actually, the second part that most people don't know that it has a second part that was entitled rupert of hentzau
it was the second part of the prisoner of zenda
those what i can still remember for now
those what i really liked the most
i haven't watched movies in a long time, but the movies that i watched that were very impactful on me were troy and most of harry potter series when i used to watch them when i was young
titanic  when i watched it for the first time.
at that time the .. the directing of the movie was very persuasive of its exact message . even if this is opposite to what you are persuaded of, he can direct you to the idea that he wants to say exactly and who you sympathize with, who you don't sympathize with, who you love, who you hate, you see the movie in his own eyes exactly like what he wants actually
those what i can remember now
i don't remember anything else actually
yes
i still don't have children but in general i didn't .. didn't think of a specific school
it's not about being an international or a national school but it's based on the school itself and the .. the .. the environment over all that the .. that the son will be there one day
it's not necessarily that a national school is bad or that the international school is very good but no it depends on the school itself
it has .. actually has certain standards that one will think of at that time i mean to make sure that there's a healthy environment around him
and students like him should have certain standards as such standards i want my child to learn from school
as for the languages, he should have the.the .. the secondary language based on the school no matter is it english, french or deutsch, no problem
but what i am really interested in is that .. he didn't abandon his mother tongue which is arabic, no he should know arabic well and he should speak arabic and discuss everything in arabic but still he has a secondary language that's very strong that will help him scientifically or anything related to the job market or something
in the software development
no the .. the working life is better for me by far
i don't .. don't .. don't want to be as a student anymore or to have the .. the .. the hassle of attending lectures and solving assignments and .. and exams and midterms and things like that i don't .. don't to go back to this ever
even the time when i was working on the masters here when i was a kind of a student was not .. not .. not a good time at all actually.
all the activities that are a kind of student activities when it comes to readings and getting papers to find out something and things like that was really bad for me and i don't like to go back to this kind of activities again.
definitely, if it's based on routine, it could be long term very boring daily routine .. but if you enjoy it, it will reduce the chances of feeling bored with what you do throughout the day especially that it's like teaching.
as for teaching, each semester, you meet new people and interact with them differently according to their different mentalities that you need to address all of these mentalities differently in order to deliver your message or to deliver your content in a good way to these students
so at least i really love teaching and i feel that it's a kind of challenge, first of all whatever the level of students in front of you, you should deliver what you want to say in whatever way as you should find a way through which they can understand what you say as well as the content that you need to deliver to them correctly and in an efficient way so that they understand you regardless it's technically good or, it's not technically good
so this kind of challenge .. satisfies me honestly
that i %b .. try to overcome it in a way or another
socially, you pass by so many people of different mentalities, from different environments, from different levels so i see that's good
by time although i didn't like the .. the .. the .. the student life, the guc is a comfort zone for me
so therefore i don't mind at all to stay here even if there's a routine-based aspect
once when i was in the eighth semester, i was in an internship at the software development company
as for our .. our .. our normal life, we were divided into teams there
each team was responsible for a part of a product that they made with .. with different teams that were there
i was in the team of the development there and we used to practice on the developing .. developing software with language c++
it was .. was a very good experience for me, i could feel how people were working on the software development and it was actually one of my preferable parts for me although i became a ta after that but i was very pleased with
and if i get the chance later on, god willing, to .. to shift my career to something related to software development i .. i wouldn't mind at all ..
no
last time i went to north coast last summer
it's only leisure time actually
one can go there, wake up, go to the .. the beach, then come back and eat, sleep and so on, nothing more
this is surprising for some people but it's marsa matrouh
the .. the .. the environment there was really good, the sea was really good, calm and clean and the landscapes that look naturally were nice in addition to so many places that you can visit such as museums and so on
in general, the weather there is better than that in other places that i visited
and .. and i have no problem to go there once, twice, thrice
the first turning point was in semester three when i decided to continue in the major cs
because before this %b .. %b .. the .. the decisions for me were far away from cs, it was electronics or mechatronics for example or something
as the turning point that the course of cs3 and that was the turning point for me
because i felt that i really enjoy this .. this and i really excel things like computer science and at the same time things related to the other major like circuits and things like that that i .. i did miserably in these courses actually
so a huge turning point was when i choose a major and go for another major at all
the same happens before i joined university
at the beginning i was about to join another university then by mere chance one of my friends told me about the guc
and i had .. had an impression about the guc because it's guc but the other place that i was about to go required a specific language
because that was the language there and i don't know this language
but i knew from him that the .. the university doesn't require having a specific language so i can join it anyways
so by chance, i went there and took the test and i passed the test
then i joined guc
it was swingy at all actually
maybe not at all
actually i have like a kind of standards and kind of a goal that i try to pursue in my own way regardless of how other people did it previously
no i i would say that i am very very easy person to deal with
on the contrary, i'm a very considering person as i try to understand the person in front of me and know how he speaks and deal with him in the same way that he uses to interact with me
yes i feel that i need to change the way i deal with people in general but i don't feel that it's difficult
on the contrary, i feel that it's part of the social intelligence actually
and this is a skill as far as i think people should have this skill in particular especially that if you interact with different levels of people
and i have to deal with all of these students in a good way
it's not necessary to be in a specific level and i prefer this level and if somebody is away from this level, i don't deal with him in a good way.
on the contrary i don't feel that's difficult
yes, it's important to change the way how he deals with different persons and different personalities and so on but i don't feel that's difficult actually
no i prefer to be respected rather than liked
i am not interested to be liked or not liked but rather respected because respect comes over love
you may love somebody very much but by the end he won't respect him
he sees him .. loves him because he does something that he likes but the overall picture i see is that he is not a respectful person
the .. the respect can be found even if the person doesn't like you, or he doesn't accept you because of something else but overall to gain his respect is not easy at all rather than to be liked
maybe you are liked for illegal reasons
you may be liked for  inappropriate reasons
that you do something that he sees it as a good thing after all as he sees that he does not gain his respect
that to gain a respect of someone is more important than to be liked
yes, it could be but i don't make it as a dead end
if there's a chance, i will try, if not, i won't try to deal with him again
but the .. the .. the stubborn person is the one who sticks to a certain viewpoint and he shapes everything around
so dealing with these kind of people is very very difficult and no matter how often you try once, twice or thrice, most probably you don't reach anything
but at some point i am trying not to close the door
no there's at least a chance as we can make an extra trial with him maybe he will start being more flexible actually
i have .. have never done this at all
on the contrary, most of the interviews that i attended and i say everything very very very honestly as i told them that i really didn't know that topic and that i cannot answer this question
although people advise me to avoid showing that you don't understand but i would prefer to speak about something that i do understand rather than fabricate the answer saying nonsense just to try .. to impress them with something that they don't even know so he would say this .. this .. this is good and i pass it but i don't .. don't do that
okay what was the reaction of the person in front of you the interviewer? what was his reaction? or what did he tell you? did he remain silent did you remain silent?
it happened twice, once he didn't give any impression at all, as for the second time he was surprised because i said so.
he was surprised because i .. i said that i didn't know and that the one who had an interview said that he didn't know this topic
but by the way in .. in both interviews i got accepted
but i got accepted and that they didn't reject me because i said that i didn't understand that topic
honestly i doubt
unfortunately, i can feel this unfortunately actually our .. our .. our lifestyle is based on the mobile and internet mainly
so the mobile means to have internet everywhere
you have your mobile everywhere
you can do a lot using your internet as you can check the news and social media through it and so on
one can feel that when the internet connection is weak, or when there's no internet at all no i feel that i stay in .. in .. in .. in a black hole that i cannot interact with people around me or i don't know what's happening
this is not good but as far i think most of the life style of people now is like that
actually no, i can say that i cannot live without internet or mobile
i would say  that you don't .. don't do anything if your major is computer science, don't do any research if you don't want to continue in a research track
as for the major of computer science, most of the .. the job market don't appreciate whatever in a research track especially if it's not practical, it won't benefit them at work
if you are about to work in the software development company part one, two or three, they will check your skills that have to do with the job duties
what will they be able to take from you at work?
but if you say that you worked on masters in a certain field and you prepared a paper to attend a conference and that you applied for a journal and that was a .. a .. a .. a .. very impactful journal and so on
it's okay with all of this and then, what will you do at work?
so if you decided at the beginning that you want to continue the academic career, i would rather say do not try to pursue this field at all
or even you try to say that you'll complete masters and then go
most probably you will complete masters for your own sake
but if you target target the job market from day one anything that would lead you to the job market even if it's a very small start-up or anything that will offer you an experience and to .. to .. to .. to .. to .. to support your cv regarding what you especially are pursuing in the field of computer science
but if you feel that you are an academic person and that you want to continue the academic career then you'll be a ta then a doctor then a professor and so on, no you have to go this way and you know what you need in order to continue in this track successfully actually
i was born in cairo anyways
first, i live in gesr el suez then i moved into elrehab then i moved into nasr city then i went back to elrehab
i went to two .. three schools as well
when i was in the kg, i was at ..
when i was in the kg, i went to a school and i moved to another school in the primary stage then i moved to a third school in the preparatory and secondary stages
all of them where national but english schools actually
but after that i joined university
first of all, i joined university so as to go for mechatronics or production, okay?
and then at first i was a little bit hesitated whether i would go for electronics or networks but i joined mechatronics as well
but after i joined mechatronics, i discovered that i am good at the subjects that related to .. cs actually
that is cs or .. or .. or any other subjects related to electricity
but for the .. the mechanical subjects that i used to .. to pass but i got c minus or c
so i decided that i said no  i will try think on my own about this so i said if i left cs, what would happen
i was about to be in semester four so anyways i should repeat four subjects and so on
but when i was at the end of the semester, i decided that no i should be careful while making this decision so as not to regret it later on and i moved to met
i thought that i was only one department until they told me that there are departments for dmet and cs
why did i go for dmet?
i can't remember to be honest with you
i really cannot remember why i went for dmet instead of cs
but actually i didn't regret taking this decision
no, i don't usually regret
okay now actually .. actually i devote my time to three aspects
it's university or bachelor a, training and the third is something called hyperloop
at cairo university that i have just joined recently
most probably my day is divided upon these three or it's for only one of them
i mean for example i get up no i get up now whenever i want at 12 pm for example
but i either go to university or stay at home to work on the bachelor and at night i go to the training three times a week
now on friday i go and exercise american football almost every friday as i watch matches or if i don't go there, i hang out with my friends anyways
okay not really actually
actually, there's no exercise but this the most that ..
regardless that i go to the training, even when i stay at home i go and search .. search to learn more about this topic by watching videos and reading about the rules and that's it
okay first of all, the bachelor
it started that i .. i am supposed to do something called tracking objects using something called stereo camera
stereo camera is an ordinary camera but they .. they are actually two cameras okay?
so it's being used instead now if we use a specific camera okay to know the distance between the camera and the other thing, if it's only one camera it will work but with .. with estimation
actually for example if you know that .. this person's average density is so and he can see his weight so he will estimate the distance between the camera and the other thing
but if we have a stereo camera and in certain ways we can use it to estimate the distance between the camera and the specific two objects this way, okay?
that by using two cameras so it's related to maths and so on but i didn't go into it
but i totally changed it until it becomes something else
at first  i was trying to .. to detect the object in general and to find out how i can know that's only one object so that i can estimate this region that this particular object has nothing to do with the surroundings
so i went for deep learning and computer vision and so on i am still reading in this topic
hyperloop is totally different it's ..
do you know elon musk?
okay actually if you know elon musk and if you know space x or tesla?
okay he is the owner of those two companies, he is the founder of those two companies
then he made something called hyperloop
such hyperloop is like a transportation method as it looks like a closed tube and it has low pressure like the vacuum and the pods pass through it to transport people from one place to another
it's like a train but without wheels actually as it is moving on something called air cushion actually the air is pushing it downwards so that there will be a distance between it and the ground and it moves with very high speeds because there's no drag force maybe because the pressure is 0.1 percent from the atmospheric pressure
so it moves with very high speed and with low cost because the tube is placed above the solar panels so it powers itself in general
so .. and the user of the motor that they use is the same as the motor that is in tesla which is an electric motor .. motor so there's no fuel consumption.
the important part is that they made a competition for students to let them .. them participate as they should build pod but a little bit smaller and .. we travel to perform actually the pod that is performed in .. in america in a certain place that we still don't know
and we are trying actually they are trying to see the best one who created the breaking system and the best one to maintain safety and so on and even they evaluate it according to many aspects so we are still making a team and so on
no
no
i do love movies.
my most favorite movie is dark knight rises
it's about batman of course all people know it
should i tell the events of the movie?
a brief story is that  that batman wasn't there for a long time at .. at generally actually for reason that was in the previous movie and .. and but he was forced to come back because there's somebody actually was about to come and he wanted to .. to turn the whole city where he stayed upside down
that's it and he beat him at the end and there was a war
it was a very good movie
honestly, i still don't .. don't care about the job but i do care about the place
actually, i wanted to go to a country .. some countries where i wish to live so whoever will come with me should understand me?
unfortunately, no
honestly, each has its comfortable aspects actually at university, i was free sometimes but this is not the case with working definitely
i would work to be independent and this is the good point that i am looking forward to
i have traveled twice
okay first i traveled to sweden in two thousand and thirteen
i was playing handball with my team
we stayed there for two weeks
the best was the .. the championship where we participated and we found many people there because they liked the handball actually they can go and watch the match in the stadium and so on
so the championship was an important event in the city there
so the first thing is the great diversity actually there were teams from different countries in the world as all of them were almost in that place. in addition to this, people who were living there attended the matches and a great number was .. and the opening celebration for example the stadium was totally full not with not only the teams but also people .. people who were living there
it was like .. a festival in the streets all the time as there were a lot of people who were .. were living there
second i have been to saudi arabia for umrah
i which i can live abroad
first canada or australia
canada and australia in the first place. canadians don't exercise .. racism as they have morals so they will welcome everyone
actually people there i don't feel that .. that i am not welcomed there and i can feel that i am a stranger
in addition to this, there are arabs there in every where
in australia .. australia .. life is a little bit easy
actually working there is not that difficult for them
their minimum wage is high
actually even if i .. i go to australia for example i have no problem with working anything that doesn't relate to my major
i could work as bus driver i have no problem with that
it's important to have an experience to live abroad in a country like that
no i just felt that i don't want to .. to continue in a field that i am not sure about and that happened when i was in mechatronics actually
i didn't want to regret making this decision after graduation then i would say that i should or .. or that i meet somebody to tell me to join mechatronics and i would say no as i .. joined mechatronics but i wish i could joined another department
no .. no i didn't like to go for .. for this even if .. even if i changed the major and then graduated, i wouldn't like this. if i had remained in mechatronics, i wouldn't have known that it was a mistake
it's okay i have no problem with that i don't regret anything like that
honestly, the experience with the team wasn't that good .. no but in some cases the team .. was good in general . to me, i have no problem with both options honestly because in both cases, i would work on tasks individually
as well i have no problem to help someone else even if it's not my part actually.
i have no problem
yes elon musk
that he will change everything now like the global warming that .. things like that are dangerous for the .. environment in general the global warming is like the .. how i can call it?
in general it .. it .. is related to .. to fossil the burning of fossil fuels actually as it .. it was the most important part in his life
actually he .. dedicated .. his life for this and in general he is a very successful person
i wish i could be like him one day
of course to be liked is better
no no i am a very easy person and it's okay i have no problem actually it's not annoying to talk with people
yes.sometimes i deal with them ..
actually maybe i .. somehow i stereotype this as if i find the person in front of me is from .. from a certain type that i got used to deal with, i will deal with him according to this concept even if he is not like that, it means that i still don't know him but i am just assuming
the best quality that i see about myself is that i don't get annoyed .. annoyed with people at all no matter what they did to me
outside university yes i sometimes do this
no actually sometimes maybe for example i am in a debate with somebody and .. any of my friends okay and i my feel that i want what i am going to say will be understood so i will say nonsense and i know that i am saying nonsense okay
and i can tell him after that that i was saying nonsense actually
no they believe
for a certain period of time or in general?
it depends. if i don't have a mobile and the whole world is the same like me?
yes, yes, no, it's okay i am talking about the .. the phone calls actually
no actually for me .. for me the phone calls are very important to me actually but i don't care about the other options
what should i tell you and how should i start?
if you are pleased here, no you should stay here
so i can .. actually i haven't been there honestly but i can go somewhere and i don't enjoy this and i feel that dealing with people is difficult for example or something, here i deal with people more easily so i can go back it's okay
i don't think that i should do this honestly.
i am originally from alexandria and i stayed there until i was four years old
at first, i was in a franais pre-school but when we moved into alexandria .. when we moved from cairo. my mother doesn't know franais but papy does but he started a new job and so on and it was a start up and so on that he couldn't have time to follow up with me so i had to go to an english school
i went to a national school and that's it
when i joined university at the very beginning, once i joined university i chose major materials and .. but later on because it's somehow related to my father's work and so on but after i changed my mind
i found this in .. in .. in .. in with many people and i saw their work related to mechatronics and so on
a very close friend of mine was .. was in mechatronics and .. and he persuaded me to join this field and i liked what he said to me so that's why i went for it
okay
my bachelor project is actually somehow related to the optical field
it's prepared in .. in the lab of optics
and after that actually it's the introduction of the research .. actually the medical research
we will use it later on after .. after that the results are supposed to be out so that it can be used in the medical research for .. for the sensors actually
it .. it could be used later on as anyone can detect the weight of the weight of cells cancer cells for example, the weight any kind of bacteria that its mass is very small that it's difficult for anyone to detect it actually with the .. the ordinary balance
okay my daily routine is that i start by doing something that nobody does in egypt actually
for example, all people kept telling me that they drink nescafe or coffee and so on but for me i don't drink any of these, and not even tea or anything like that
actually when i wake up i can drink milk like kids or like when i was in the pre-school  .. and i still drink mix mix chocolate milk
for example, if i get up too early because my brother's school is near to my university, sometimes i drive him to school after that i go to university and it's still vacant that i can park my car easily in the parking area as i park my car on the first row of the parking area which is really good because in the midday i can easily find my car at once
that's it and now i go to the lab because this is my bachelor
and actually for example i run my experiments or something, if i don't do this, i can write the reports or something
and after that we all started to feel hungry so we all leave the lab and go out to eat and have fun for some time then we come back and keep fighting to .. to choose who is going to continue working in the set up and so on
that's it .. and we are supposed to leave the lab at four o'clock and this never happened  .. actually maybe if we finish our tasks early, we can leave early and this what we like the most actually
and if we aren't done, i should stay working the whole day till the night comes actually once i stayed there till 9 pm
so  that's it and on the midday if we finish early, i go and pick my brother up and go home
if i didn't finish early actually, i have intentions like anyone to lose weight and to go to the gym and to be super fit and so on, i was trying for a long time but i really love food very much
generally my hobbies do .. don't relate to my weekend plans or something no actually i can get up early in the morning and for example if i will not go anywhere, i can go to swim in the piscine of the club
and it's okay if i am stressed or something, i can run on the track actually
my hobbies are all about reading in general actually i love reading very much but it's not restricted to the weekend or something
no the majority of my readings are in .. in arabic, actually i really love history and in general this seems weird to anyone for example i chose major engineering or something but i love history very much since i was young actually
i have no .. specific examples of my favorite books but i have two favorites one like youssef zidan as i almost read all his novels and i just brought his new novel from the book fair but i haven't started reading it yet
i used to read the .. the genius of umar i used to read the genius of umar when i was young
i really like his style of writing because it's not easily understood from the first time you read and you love to read, as you love to read it more than once even his .. his style of writing is .. unique ..
in english %ma .. there was once something  something that was also somehow related to history, called the manuscript found in accra
i read it as well and it was really good especially because it's written by paulo coelho
definitely i read the alchemist by paulo coelho but i read it in arabic because i had the same topic in the arabic project in .. in the secondary stage as we were supposed to read the story and .. and analyze it and then summarize it, and that's it ..  and .. that's it
i mainly want to travel
i want to travel to germany
actually first of all i wanted to complete .. wanted to complete my masters
actually i wish i won't be late actually once i finish university .. once i am done with the five years of university, i will complete my masters at once but .. any plans after that .. yes the masters that i am interested in should be related to cars
but actually after that who don't wish to .. to work at mercedes benz or bmw or anything like that?
but actually .. actually still .. definitely when i will start something related somehow to .. to this field and i find it mentioned in masters, i will start to search for more aspects that i was not focusing on so at that time i can have something very specific that this .. this .. this is the dream job actually
the first internship that i attended was after semester four
i went to .. to the lab which was a chemical and analytical lab
i wasn't related that much with my field but i am having a .. a study about it
but i was .. actually i got it through one of my relatives
at that time .. i was somehow broken down because .. i didn't do well in semester four at university so i wanted to feel that i am .. am good at something and that i succeed in it in order to .. to get over this
so .. i started working there and i loved the experience as i went to work to interact with elder people even the idea that the field was different from what i studied that i learned a lot
i discovered that i have good information about chemistry
and that was the first time i felt that i spent a month and half and i didn't want to leave actually i have plans actually that .. whenever i have time, i go to work and so on even if i will go once a week or something
the second .. second internship i attended after semester six and i also got it through one of my relatives and it was in .. emirates in sharjah
it was really my life experience because i stayed with my aunt in dubai and i used to .. to work at the lab but it was petrol lab actually it was somehow related to my .. my field because there mechanical equipment and there were machines that they were making an assembly for it in order to .. to run on it the .. the .. the test
so i used to get up at 6 am to go to work at 8:30 and i used to take three buses, a metro and .. and a taxi and i spent two hours on my way to work
and definitely i wasn't .. wasn't familiar with the accent of the ..
yes i have traveled abroad . the first time i traveled was with my father when i was five years old . we went to turkey .. because papy was having job tasks there so we went with him
i had a situation there when my sister entered the toilette of the hotel and .. and she locked herself inside and she couldn't open the door
we kept calling the reception so that they could send somebody to us and until they sent us somebody, they didn't understand english easily and finally they sent us someone to open the door and she kept crying and so on
the second time is when i was in the third preparatory when we went to turkey as well but that time i was almost a grown-up and i still remember the details there and i have many photos there
the third time is when we went to lebanon, jordan and emirates but what was really weird was that we stayed for less than forty eight hours in each country because our main goal was to go to emirates and stay with my cousins and that's it .. as for lebanon and jordan, we went there because papy was having work there
so once we arrived, he went to work and we had a tour all over beirut in less than a day
then we went to oman
and .. and .. then to dubai
then a year later we went to dubai
then the next year we went to france
and that was the first time for me to travel to europe and so on
and definitely, the best place was disneyland actually i am a number one fan of disney since i was young and i have already memorized their songs till now
and .. and it was the first time to travel to a european country and so on
and after that last year i went to dubai again and that's it
i went to siwa, siwa oasis once with my friends from the club and we were all of the same young age
definitely, it was a very new experiences the hotel there wasn't a hotel it was the resort itself as you felt as if you live in an old place
and the country itself makes you feel that you used a time machine and that you went back even .. even we weren't familiar with people there .. we weren't familiar with the culture there and so on
but she is nice and very small and there weren't any kind of technology there or anything like that there were no cars there and if you look at the sky at night, you can see a very clear sky full of stars and so on .. actually it was really nice honestly
it was such an amazing landscape as you were staying in the desert listening to the deers' sounds and other weird sounds
and .. and we swam in the .. the sulphur springs and it was really nice
and luxor and aswan are nice too because i like monuments and things like that
but the other places like hurghada and sharm elsheikh are ordinary
no, sure, i will love to travel abroad to build my future and in a way or another i am still young and if i didn't build my future now or didn't work hard now and .. actually i should .. make a plan for the future
and my parents won't be pleased with me if i stayed with them doing nothing and .. this is what i really want long ago actually why not that i go for it
actually i won't delay it actually because i am afraid
definitely, i know that it won't be easy to stay alone and .. and it will be a big responsibility that i become responsible for myself and you no longer .. have anybody to help you in any problem but i think that they won't forget me and they will come and visit me and i will visit them of course
that .. actually throughout my life i am such a disorganized person as i throw my stuff everywhere and my room was never neat and so on because i know that my mother will keep shouting at me for awhile then she will organize everything
once she got up in the morning and she was very very tired that we had too take her to hospital then he found out that she was suffering from blood pressure so i felt that i made her devote her health and that i took her health for granted actually i used to think that it's okay to leave everything messy because she will come and tidy the mess
and i will pretend that i don't know but i realized that she was really tired and that we caused her problems
i felt that no i .. cannot continue this .. this way and that i should start to .. actually improve myself and .. actually i can even help her because now we are facing a problem that she is not feeling well so no i should help her and especially that i am her eldest daughter
yes, my father sure
i know that this answer is somehow biased and many people may say so  i really .. actually see him as a very smart and ambitious person
and .. and .. and he is a self-made man that built himself on his own .. and he is open-minded as he lived abroad for a long time and .. and i like his way of thinking and the way he .. he deals with people
and .. and actually even his mentality helps him think ninety percent right .. actually whenever he speaks about something, he has the evidence about it so it's already proved
and .. and he can foreshadow the events based on .. on his experience or something else that i don't know
and .. and he is a successful man in his work as he started his company from zero and now he is number one in his field and .. and his company is the best company to make the best turnover
he is a successful manager and engineer and .. and in addition to this he .. he was the champion of egypt in .. in and he was the egyptian national team coach of handball
he won the award of the best african player
and .. and they won the african championship and he received a sport medal and .. and he received a sport medal from .. from hosny mubarak
actually .. he speaks three more languages other than arabic
and that's it to me,  he is a great man
respected of course especially if this field is work or something like that
yes what i will benefit from somebody that likes me then .. actually maybe .. that for example we, as egyptians, have strong emotions somehow
but people abroad are very practical and they don't have the concept of intimacy at work as they evaluate people according to their performance at work
maybe for example because i talk with people, for example i interact with people in a good way or something so that they respect me in return
actually i like to be respected and to be respected is not because i dress well or because .. actually maybe for example because i talk to people, for example i interact with people in a good way or something so people respect me back
no no it's very easy that i can tell the story of my life to any passerby in the street actually
actually if i deal .. deal with somebody that i know that his background for example .. his educational background is different from my educational background yes definitely i .. only i want to change my way so as .. not to annoy him
actually of course for example i deal with .. with somebody actually .. actually from a lower social standard okay so i want to change y way in order not to .. to let him the difference
and no i have never .. actually .. actually .. definitely if somebody did something wrong to me okay, i can .. can respond according to what he did and i know that his way is like that that's why i am okay to deal with him in the same way
actually the usage of english is that i kept using the conjunctions and .. yes okay
actually it's .. actually it happens .. it actually like a project or something for example sometimes i am required to do something related to mechatronics for example someone is working in coding, someone is working in hardware and other one is working in electronics
so yes somehow i may not perform some tasks .. that i don't understand exactly so yes actually i will beat around the bush and .. and yes actually i will try to make the conversation longer until the one in front of me gets bored and actually .. i may reach his point .. for example i may reach the limit that he wants me to explain
no no absolutely actually sometimes i get up at night to check the .. the mobile actually i have .. the phobia of checking my mobile to make sure that nobody calls me then i will go back to sleep
it's not a good thing in general and it causes headache to me for example sometimes i don't do anything so i .. i forgot everything and i kept using it
and this is .. actually not good and sometimes it causes me headaches and sometimes i go and ask my mother to take my mobile and not to give it back to me, if somebody is trying to call me, i don't want to answer i had a headache, i don't want to answer
okay i will persuade you that .. it's better to continue your education abroad outside egypt
actually maybe for example there are some parents refused to let their children study abroad .. and so on actually they should persuade their parents that they didn't spend all these years learning and at the end they are asked to put a limit to their ambitions.
actually i .. i should .. try and each person has to have his own life experience
actually for example when someone you know like your cousin for example gives you a negative feedback about life abroad saying that people there are not good
no you should go and try this on your own to discover how life is not suitable for you
you'll go there according to your background and your specific expectations so you will feel that .. that .. that actually you reach your goal and .. and that if it really meets your expectations that you thought of before coming or not
so ..  actually you cannot remain in your place because .. your parents wanted you to be there
after that .. you'll discover that time flies and you did what they want and not what you want and .. and at that time you'll feel that your life is boring and you would blame yourself for not doing so? at that time you will be old enough that you have no time to regret what you did
and your life will be based on routine and it will be constant and you kept thinking that you should have done something and you didn't and this won't change anything
i was born in cairo and when i was in the .. primary stage, i went to .. to a private school and we used to learn arabic and english
i couldn't .. couldn't afford to continue learning at a private school so i went to public schools in the preparatory and secondary stages
but definitely i studied everything in arabic in the preparatory and secondary stages
basically i joined computer science and my .. my major is all about information systems that we use to .. to analyze data, the retrieval and the storage and so on
and why did i choose computer science?
basically because i liked using computers since i was young
but at home they told me that i have two choices either i can be a computer scientist for example or to teach because i used to love teaching when i was young so i had to go for any of these choices
my bachelor project was like a mobile application that i created to simulate the behavior of the google pay and .. and apple that is i pay as well
we wanted to create a universal application where you insert all your cards whether they are debit card, credit card or affiliation card that has to do with a specific organization or something and you used them instead of getting them out from your bag as you can just use them throughout the mobile
actually we wanted to have this idea as it's .. is already there but we wanted to collect everything and put it in one place only which is not apple, actually apple pay support some options and don't support the other no e wanted to support everything
okay my daily routine is not different from the traditional daily routine that anyone has
basically i get up and check my schedule at work then i get dressed and go to work
i don't get coffee like other people do and this is totally different from other people
that's it, and afterwards i check the tutorials that i should finish or the correction or meetings or things of the sort or if there's something to work on in research, an experiment or so and that's it
yes basically my favorite hobby is to discover new music because i really love songs, so i sit by myself and open anghami or something to listen to songs, if i like it, i get it, if not, i will check another one
i will tell you basically when i was young, i used to listen to arabic songs rather than english songs, when i grew up, i did the opposite as i listen to english songs rather than arabic songs
yes i have a lot of favorite songs
for example michael jackson is one of my favorite but he died, and now ariana grande is my favorite as well and that's it
any pop music singers but they should be good
yes it's been a long time since i last watched a movie
i will tell you  the last movie i watched at the cinema was the glass
that was the last movie i watched at the cinema basically
it was about the idea of somebody who predicts that some people have supernatural potentials such as those who read the minds and those who did something else and he gathered them in a storyline
and at the end he wanted them to take the same path and he wanted to put them in a team but he failed at the end
if the idea of experimental schools is still there that they are public schools but at the same time they teach english and arabic, but most of the subjects are in english, i would go for such schools
if this system is canceled, because i know that they are against it and they want to cancel it, in this case, i have to enroll them in private schools and the .. the main language there is english and then the other language is arabic
unfortunately, all the fields of science is taught in english, so if they don't know it, they won't be able to do research and won't be able to study, they can't produce anything
my dream job was teaching since i was young
i used to love to teach when i was young
i used to bring all my relatives and let them sit in front of me and i kept explaining some topics to them
if i weren't a teacher, basically i would .. would study space science
but i didn't find it in egypt, and when i found it, i found something called a meteorological organization and things like that
so they told me that i will do researches on the weather so i told them that this is not my ambition
i wanted to do more than this
so this is my dream job, it's somehow related to space science
but currently my dream job is to work in the software engineering that i should not only do the coding but i also collect the requirements and check the diagrams for example and to see the user stories and things like that
basically i didn't attend any internships but i would love to but i was not accepted in any place, i don't know why although they accepted applicants with lower gpas than mine
but the idea is that they don't target the gpa maybe they target another aspects
i don't know what it is honestly
okay, now after working, do you prefer working life or university life when you were a student and you have no responsibilities at that time but also you have to study and so on?
no definitely i would say university life because basically when i was at university there was a well structured program
for example, say i was required that i will study one, two, three, four, you will get the grade, then you will succeed and that's it
but now, i am doing the opposite, as i restructure the things then let people follow me and then succeed by the end
definitely doing something from scratch is more difficult than following a ready-made system.
okay can you tell us about the last place that you have visited in egypt and what place influence you the most?
basically i am not the person you mean because i don't like traveling and i hate to make a lot of movements
actually i am that kind of person who loves to settle in a place, i don't like to move a lot.
but basically it's been a very long time since i last traveled, it's been five years since i last traveled abroad.
i was in the states so .. so what? yes what i have seen there was different from what's here in egypt
but what influenced me there is the downtown there as it looked very nice, and there was .. was .. was something like an arena where they watch their matches of wwa that is wrestling and so on and i love this
so i hoped to attend such events
but i saw it from outside it was wow and the arena was huge
i will say basically actually, the question is actually  i will say, basically i have no problem with egypt as a country. my problem is with .. with the mentality as not all .. all people are the same or most of the people that live outside egypt, the problem is in their mentality
actually they misunderstand the people surround them
or that we have for example a high level of authority, so you should follow us and if they didn't do this, we will get into debates or things like that
actually if .. if we removed those bad people and replaced them with better people, i would be happy
i will tell you, basically yes and i am in a state of mind like that, for example, i stayed for two .. or three years at university and i search example and i .. i study for example and i give tutorials and that's it so this is the point and so what? what's next? would i continue this or not? for example i can go for a scholarship as dalia told me or not?
i am in a state of mind and something like that and i don't know where i am? or what am i going to do?
so actually i'm in a middle of a turning point
okay do you feel that this turning point is changing your personality? or your personality doesn't change but you change your way of thinking so what will you do now?
it changes my way of thinking of course but it won't change my personality, because this is not that turning point that will change my personality a lot no but it changes my state for example it can take me to a better or a worse place, it depends on my thought
okay, good when you were a student or a ta, do you prefer working in a team or .. or working individually to handle the project and everything on your own?
i will tell you, when i was a student, i used to work individually, and .. but i have trust issues
actually i don't trust anyone easily
for example, i know that his performance at work is not got or that he will cause problems, so i won't work with him
so most of the times yes i was making teams for the sake of making a team but at the end i was doing everything individually and we pass the evaluation because i explain to everyone what they should do
at university as a ta, if i work in the course individually, i definitely prefer working in the course individually because of the organization so .. so it will be only one, so as not to have any miscommunication or something
and if i will work with another ta, it depends on the trust, my level
so yes for example i worked with people that i trust them greatly and i worked with other people that caused problems
yes there is, but we said that we will not mention name so of course there's
no they are professors here at university
no, a lot of things. actually, there's a specific example as i like everything he does
no actually the presentation skills that he has
the way that he knows how to deliver the correct info to people
his way of thinking or his logical thinking? do i get it?
liked or respected? okay .. if people like, they will definitely respect you at some point .. some point
i prefer to be liked rather than respected because at the end, if you like me, you can respect me somehow
okay, do you feel that you are an easy person to talk with at the beginning? or they take time to break the ice?
on the contrary, i am the one who takes time to adapt with people, as anybody can adapt with me but i cannot adapt with anyone at once
okay do you find it difficult to deal with people from a different social level whether it's higher or lower? do you need to change your way of speaking, your attitude in general when you deal with social levels and so on?
i will tell what's supposed to happen
you're supposed to change your spee .. your speech based on which level you are talking with whether it's higher or lower than yours
but i don't know how to this
and that may cause some problems
so i like to avoid dealing with someone who is higher or lower than me
but if i had to do so, i will respect those who are lower, but sometimes this backfire me
sometimes he thinks that i underestimate him or something
on the contrary, when i call him sir or something, he considered that i am showing arrogance but i don't mean this at all
i will tell you, the best trait i have is that i like being helpful
actually i wish not to change this trait whatsoever actually
if he is a liar
i cannot deal with him at all
i have never done this actually, but as for the evaluation i like when i talk about something, i should understand what i am talking about
if i don't understand this .. i will tell you that i don't understand or i can ask about what you mean
honestly i was not saying nonsense, but i have never been in this situation
i have never .. i always like to be ready and efficient enough
i don't like to be a situation like that
if .. if you .. if you will remove the applications yes maybe, but if i .. i will use it to talk to people, maybe i need somebody for example, so actually no.
okay as for the last question, can you choose anything you want and persuade us of for example .. you can persuade us to complete master's, to travel abroad, or not to travel abroad, or anything .. anything that you are persuaded of to let us be persuaded
yes sure, first of all i was born in alexandria
i went to a national school until i became in .. in middle three, so i went to an ig or pre-ig, but after that i continued four years in an ig school
after finishing the ig, i used to focus mainly on fields like mathematics, physics or ict because at the that time i thought of joining computer science or anything related to it field
after finishing school, i went to cairo, joined the university of cairo and i did majoring in computer science as i wished to do this, but it was definitely computer engineering because there's not computer science in that university
and now i graduated and became an engineer, it's mentioned in my id that i am a free electrical engineer and i'm teaching as a teaching assistant hardware courses
it was mainly english and arabic, but there was french at the beginning
yes my bachelor was titled gamifying physiotherapy and android wearable game for adolescent patients, a very long title
basically it was about serious games with hci
there were kids, or in general there were kids having problems with their muscles, they can't move their hands or their wrest and so on, so we was trying to teach them their physiotherapy exercises in a fun and interactive way, gamified
there was a smart wearable that detects the movements of the child
and there's mainly a game that was mine, it was called music chasers and it's all about a song and song was being played as long as he made the once right movements, if he made a wrong movement, the song would be paused and he should continue doing the right movement so as not to stop the song
so mainly it's that he exercises or do his physiotherapy exercises
and instead of going to a certain institute to get treatment or something and even in the countryside where they don't have hospitals or take a long time to go to a hospital, so no using android device and smart wearables enables him to do exercises at home
so mainly this semester is because .. i have a lot of tasks in the first slot so i get up early
actually i get up at 7 am or 7:30 am
i already live near to university actually, in the same area, so i don't have to get up too early and actually i have my own car, so i have no problem
i get up, have breakfast, go to university and check if i have teaching, i have correction like midterms, finals or quizzes, i have content preparation for the coming weeks
after going home, i call my friends to hang out to watch the matches like champion league for example or we can play soccer and son then i sleep and that's it
mainly in the weekends, i like to meet my friends on friday in the morning until it's 4 o'clock for example
we usually have the tradition of playing soccer on saturday at night at one of the schools, in that area
so actually maybe because i don't have long weekend in this semester because i have teaching first on saturday, so i have to prepare the content on friday because i have teaching on wednesday fifth actually so my weekend in this semester is thursday and friday
actually i have a break on thursday and on friday i prepare, i have first teaching actually
somehow
i'm pretty sure it's english because i already hate the arabic literature
i don't remember exactly the last book but everything was almost academic, it's related to master's anyways
the last movie i watched at the cinema was captain marvel
i was very anticipating to see what's going to happen in avengers end game and the build up of avengers end game, so i went to watch it at the cinema
yes actually expectations versus reality, the movie wasn't that
but now actually he completed the missing part of the marvel cinematic universe
maybe because i was in the ig in an international, i definitely support the international education system
although the governments are making improvements
but also i believe that they are my children as they are supposed to receive the best education provided by international institutes and international curriculum
i will tell you, basically, the first thing for example how i became a ta?
i wanted to complete the master's and also at the same time i want to work in the industry
so actually my dream goal or my dream job is to travel abroad, and to go to one of the tag giants in usa
i used to travel there, and at the same time, i wanted to work in the research and development
the r and d the parts that develop and their things, they do research behind the applications and the software and the hardware and so on
but actually i'm dreaming of pursuing a master's in egypt and a phd abroad, i don't work in the academic field as in teaching would be my main focus or my main role, but to work in industry as research and development
as internships or as a student, i used to work in two companies in three months
i worked for a month in the first company and i worked for two months in the second company
both companies have nothing to do with development, they were just it, technical support or maintenance
it was a good experience as i didn't study this at university, but actually we have work and people are interested in this
after that, after i had finished the internships, i became a ta
actually people are surprised especially my friends as i didn't really like hardware courses and actually i'm not into hardware, yet the two courses that i teach are hardware courses because for me hardware is actually easy teaching-wise .. or i find it easy i mean
maybe it's not the best thing or the most enjoyable thing, but after i taught the hardware courses no i felt that they are good but i'm interested in them, although my master's are not hardware, and actually i will not ever focus on mastering or phd in hardware
because definitely it's full of a lot of technical details and i was not the cleverest one in physics and so on
but no actually i am glad and i have no problem
all my colleagues in the office and all the tas said that they wished to be students again studying and so on is better that working as tas
i am the only one who says no, working as tas is the best, it's not the best career as a ta but the best thing is that i don't study, i wouldn't have final exam and i should study for it, i don't have projects, no maybe it's .. a little bit flexible
but as for me i study a certain course to teach it, but no i see that working life is better than being a student
no i have never traveled abroad
inside egypt? a place that i like?
actually technically i am not .. not .. not into egypt that much, but at that time when i was living in alexandria, what i really liked was when i went to cairo and saw the egyptian museum and the pharaonic monuments and so on
to me alexandria as a coastal city, as we used to sit by the beach and even the north coast and so on, things like that, and even the monuments there were more into roman, like romanian and greek monuments
when i saw the origin of the pharaonic civilization such as the pyramids, the sphinx and so on, no actually i felt that egypt has a great heritage
it was somehow interesting
as i told in the beginning, my dream is to travel to europe or the us, i pursue my phd degree, and after that i will work there and settle in one of the tech giants, so definitely i'll accept it
mainly, when i participated in student activities at university especially my last two years
no my way of thinking started to change
the community was different as they started to shape actually the new friends that i made or the new friendship that i used to make that i started to .. to shape and it influenced me especially when i see my friends for example say what they want to do when they grow up
no i felt that i can change my vision of life
but no actually i was determined when i was at school to join computer science and i joined computer science
maybe in the last few years i dreamed to be a ta but not because ta is good, but because i want complete master's and i want to make phd and to continue this track
no i find what i wanted in my life so it's achieved. no i feel that actually that such ambitions that i have already wished are being achieved
it depends on the projects
actually for example the game for instance, i told my partner that i will do it all on my own
it was very interesting
it was yugi-oh and i used to love yugi from the childhood memories
i told him that i don't need his help and that i will work on the whole project on my own
thank god i got a plus at the end and we finalized everything
no it .. it was a good project honestly
so that was a type of project i like to work on individually
there are some other projects that we should divide the tasks as each one will be responsible for his tasks and so on because they are projects mega projects big projects
they require multiple people to work on
it's a difficult question honestly
basically when a person feels down, does he actually say it's okay i don't care about the grade whether it's five percent, ten percent, percent fifteen percent for project the project?
so actually it's okay what's important is what grade we will get
but no by the end actually  as motivation-wise, we kept working on the project for example before it we could go and watched a match for example, actually there motivational boosters to get us more motivated
we can have a break for some time without working on the project, we go to the cinema, actually
no i don't have for example .. i don't have a role model in all fields, i have only one
but no i have a role model in a specific field that i want to achieve a goal that he has already achieved
for example for example when it comes to technology, steve jobs is my role model for example
when it comes to soccer actually i prefer for example somebody like abu trika or mohamed salah as role models
but i don't have the specific role model in general
liked or respected?
i guess respected
why?
because actually if people respect you, eventually they .. will like you
but maybe at the beginning they fear so they respect you for example or maybe they are fear or something
but after that, once they get to know you better, especially that you treat him with respect and so on, so maybe eventually you may like each other or there might be likelihood or whatever
no it's okay i have no problem at all, actually i love to get to know people actually, i am very sociable in this part
no actually for example they can get to know me in a very short time actually
i don't .. don't take time to get to know people
social level as in what actually?
as an education-wise actually definitely for example in general if i speak with code-switching, i .. i .. i switch from arabic into english for example a lot of my speech, no for example i choose for example if i am in a taxi or any transportation, of course i won't speak with him in english in .. such context
so i had to speak using .. terminologies that he understands
i am dreamy and i like to imagine how my future will look like
if he doesn't respect other people or he keeps bullying them
and things like that
i have a deadline for example and i haven't even started yet
this .. this is mainly stress
but they aren't deadlines projects and so on, no they are deadlines in my life in general, for example for example such as submitting your military status documents, urgent things that are really important to your future and you can lose everything if you don't do it
maybe i became stressed over a presentation for example work or interview or work, and so on as my career, my life depends on passing this interview or this presentation, so no i am stressed
but if i am well-prepared, it's okay stress will go away
i kept asking you about the functions of the anode and cathode
it could be .. no i did do this in the bachelor presentation
the seminar no maybe even the seminar presentation also as its topics included terminologies that we didn't understand such terminologies
because in the seminar, he gave you papers to read and to present those papers
so you don't understand it, you just say as it is with its terminology and that's it actually
but no, but actually most probably no i didn't use sophisticated .. words before because i didn't understand
i never had something like that
no
because basically the mobile is now connected to everything either it has social network, your friends, chats, and so on
of course some people are trying to get away from the mobile and so on, but no i feel that my life is related to it as i should check for example my newsfeed, i check for example instagram, check twitter, check the news
even for example i want to call somebody for example even phone call it's necessarily to be texting
no the mobile should be essential for each individual in the world
you remind me of black mirror
so technically the episodes of black mirror tackle how can technology go wrong
so okay yes communication-wise the situation was much better before, people sit face to face and they communicate, now people can just send texts and even short messages
but eventually now you can talk to somebody in another country, somebody in another continent, it becomes much easier to talk with him instead of traveling, so this makes him closer
but definitely actually it's like a weapon with two edges, actually it could be bad, or it could be good, but i see that its advantages are more than its disadvantages
no it's .. it's difficult to persuade you to ..
should i persuade you to do something?
okay
definitely actually last year there were so many people asking us what's the importance of embedded systems course in our life?
and we as dmet especially met why do we study hardware in such level, and that we implement wiring parts?
and people already hate the wiring from project circuit two to project dsd
and why do we deal with hardware?
i like to tell you people that those who are in mechatronics wish to take this embedded course
that you take course that mechatronics department don't take
while mechatronics have to take a diploma to be able to pass the test
and you have like fifty, sixty, seventy percent of the content of the test, there's only one small part missing
so actually you could be hardware engineers and to make money and be rich
i was born in cairo
i lived here in egypt until i was in grade six i went to .. school
i went to a school in eltayran street
i live in nasr city, abbas elaakad
i were there until i was in grade six
after grade 6 i traveled to emirates
i used to stay in .. in el ain
i went to an american school
i graduated in two thousand and fifteen
then i joined this university engineering mechatronics
why did i choose mechatronics?
because i love working in the field of industry
and at the same time i hate theoretical materials
i always like practical work
and i will persuade you by the end
okay
but
as i told you i love practical work
at the beginning we used to study the materials of physics, math, and chemistry that we used to study in the general secondary
but they weren't the best for me
i didn't start to like the .. the major itself as mechatronics except in semester five maybe
because i started to find what i was studying in physics and math and i started to see it
i started to see it, i mean that i started to apply what i studied
my bachelor project mainly focused on the field that we didn't study at university especially it's optics
and the optics in the .. the coming, actually the sensors that we are using now are no longer the best
so my project is about the sensors that monitor cancer cells
i get up at 6 am
exactly an hour and i take the bus at 7 o'clock, the bus arrives university at eight to fifteen o'clock
the day starts from 8 o'clock until 6 o'clock by maximum
no, i don't like reading at all.
the movie life of pi
this movie is about an indian boy
this indian boy  he had a zoo in india, and decided to immigrate taking with him all the animals
he immigrated by the ship, that's it
and when they were on the ship, the ship sank
nothing remained on the ship except the boy pi and the tiger
he didn't discover that that the tiger is alive until he took a boat trying to survive then he found the tiger came from the ship
that's it, he was in water all that time, he was trying to survive, how to eat, how to drink, how he .., he sailed by boat until he reached the shore
that's it
there's no .. no specific singer that i love to listen to, on the contrary i listen to everything
i don't always care about the lyrics as much as i care about the rhythm and the music itself
before i start thinking of mechatronics, i hoped to join aeronautical engineering
but our problem is that aeronautical engineering is found in cairo university only
and this is very difficult to me
but the second option for me is mechatronics
so as for my dream job, i wanted to join mechatronics in the aeronautical engineering
okay well, can you tell us about the internships that you attended or the full-time or part-time jobs that you had when you were at university?
i have never had any jobs whether they are part-time or full-time
but i attended only one internship in summer in a car factory
that's it
it was for a month
we used to watch the assembly line of cars, the stages of collecting the automotive parts, the stages of painting
i don't like anything theoretical
i haven't started to enjoy the .. the major until i started working on the bachelor
and actually i learned topics hundred times more than what i learned in the seven semesters
i used to live in emirates so .. regardless of emirates, i have never been to anywhere else
sharm elsheikh
i liked the landscapes there, staying .. at the hotel without any responsibilities, without anything else, it's only relaxation
definitely for me, if i found that it won't make any difference and that it's like staying here, no definitely i will stay in my homeland
if this difference is significant, yes i have no problem to make this decision to live abroad
on the contrary, i will deal with a new culture, new people, a totally new different life, so i like this
at first as i told you, in the first semesters at university, it was totally theoretical for me, as we used to solve mathematics equations, i didn't want this
but at the same time there weren't anything else or the other major will not be related to this at first
so to me the best choice is to continue and wait
actually for me, i made a car accident, before this, i was very reckless, but after that, i started to .. to take everything into account before doing it, and that's it
the .. the group work has its advantage and the single work has another advantage
in the group work, you collect ideas from many people. so as a result the probability to get the best result is big
but when i work alone, i will be secured about the .. the quality that is a result of my work
the implementation of the idea itself differs
like we can summarize this in the idiom that says, too .. too many cooks spoil the broth
my father
to me he has a very big responsibility
i didn't find this in any other father, anyways
but to me he is the perfect model actually i do like him
i don't mean that i do the same as he did, no the way he deals with people, his attitude, his mentality
i like to imitate him
being liked is that i change myself to be .. be liked, and the same happens with the other person
i will keep changing because i won't be liked by everyone at once
in order to be liked by someone .. i will change for this reason, then i will change for the sake of the other person
but to be respected, i .. i will be the only one, that's it
so whoever likes me .. should like me as i am, and this is .. is respect and he will deal with me based on this respect, i won't need to change myself for him
i hate to deal with that kind of person who thinks that he is the smartest man in the world
there's not a smartest one in the world
on the contrary i will to deal with the one who accept the other, it could be a good idea but at the same time, it could be bad
personally, i can find both good and bad ideas
but i hate the one who thinks that he's the smartest person in the world, because he is very arrogant, in a higher level he started saying wrong ideas just because he believes that he is the best
reckless
i was always reckless in the decisions i made, and sometimes in my reactions
but now i am trying to stop being reckless, and to stop my spontaneous reactions
i kept thinking before doing anything or taking any action towards anything
naturally i have a different taste
and mostly moody
and i don't .. don't give the chance to anyone who deals with me because i know that he won't like this
unless i stayed with him for a period of time, we are trying to discover one another
we understood each other we are on the same track we started .. started to get to know him more and i started to deal with him more, and as a result he can get closer to me actually, that's it
no not at all, on the contrary the community that surrounds me, i feel that we are all the same level
i have to problem to deal with them
this has to do with university
outside university, of course you interact with other people
i can deal with workers, engineers, doctors, the way i deal with each person differs. so i should .. see who i deal with, and i start to deal with him in the same way
if i study and memorize, memorize memorize for the exam okay what should i do after the exam? nothing
when i finish the exam and realize that i forgot something, like when i wanted to remember something that i have studied in the previous semester, i couldn't remember it at some time, so i started to feel that i'm stressed
so what it is
where i can find the information, or the part .. part that i know, where i can found it
okay later on, who will tell me this or will teach us this
okay .. actually did it happen before when you were in an evaluation at university or any other situation when you were asked a topic that you didn't understand, so you had to speak in english or mention very difficult expressions in order to .. skip the meeting and that's all, and the one in front of you says that you really understand, so the situation would pass
no, on the contrary i am very cautious in such situations even .. even if i am vague in my speech, that the one in front of me can understand clearly what i say because if he doesn't understand, i will make it more clear for him; otherwise it will be misunderstood
okay if it's wrong, what will happen next?
no i hate being in such level, i prefer being clear and honest in everything
or i i want to reach a certain point, i reach this point and keep repeating it until it becomes clear
can we live without a mobile and why?
i like isolation, so maybe, actually i can live without a mobile for a certain period of time
but when i reach at some point that i want to call somebody, i want to express something, so no i will need it
anything i want
pause
you'll see how this will take us, let's go
i can persuade you that mechatronics are more important than met
because in met, they code
or according to what i understand they code that's it
as for mechatronics, we code, connect electricity, connect mechanisms
so if we said that .. that met can the same tasks of mechatronics, no. but mechatronics can do the tasks of met
so as a result mechatronics is more important
okay, okay, what you have said is relatively right but .. i won't say that mechatronics is not important, mechatronics are very important, because they have their work but at some point when you code, you'll reach a point where you cannot continue
as for mechatronics, it doesn't need the complexity of coding that they use at work or in computer science or met in general
as for mechatronics, the .. the part of code is what they use, it's the mostly used part, he know it very well
i don't need more
on the contrary, besides he knows electricity, knows mechanics
as for met, he can sit in front of a robot, and just write the code
okay how this code reacts, how it works
okay why it didn't work?
how electricity is connected to it, and so on, he cannot do this
exactly, sure
but this doesn't mean that this is more important than the other
okay should i tell you my age?
no it's not necessary
i went to  national franais school then i joined an international  university
i joined mass communication
that's why when i graduated from university i came back here again
now i am working at another university which is international as well but it has nothing to do with my university as they have radio tv  department and this department has a channel where i am working at . i am working as a presenter and i am here with you
okay, i .. was at mass communication, of course i was at the department of radio and television .
i like so much something called mic, that's why i am very happy that you are talking with me  .
. my graduation project was about the effect of pictures in people's life.
we have met many different people, one is old aged, other is younger and other in the mid age, so, to take the experience we have done many interviews and we took many photos and we started to do something like an intro in the beginning, talking about the impact of each photo on the people's life.
we took photos for those persons who are graduated.
for those who are playing a game, we think how to make the photo can leave an important memory on people's life.
that was my graduation project.
i was hoping and it was my dream job to be a presenter, until i got the chance and the opportunity to work at the channel in the university .. the one which i am working there till now  .
okay in the weekdays, i wake up in the morning, taking my breakfast and then, go to the work. after work, i go to the gym and then see if i have something important to do or not, if not, then, i go outside to spend a time with my friends.
that is happening in the weekdays.
in the weekend, i must have a vacation and travel anywhere even if it is for two days only. in winter, i don't travel anywhere, it is only gym or go out with my friends.
i like swimming and dancing very much, i like riding horses as well, but, actually it is very rare to practice riding it a lot.
yes, but i don't read a lot.
look, the last book
no, not the last book, but, we can say that the book which really touched me was a very different book, it is not related to increasing knowledge or information, it is a book called "hebta", i think you will find many people know it, i felt it is a book talking about real life.
it is not the best book, but, it touched me personally. i am not going to tell you a quote from this book, but, i will tell you my favorite quote which i usually follow through all my life, it said " believe you can and you're half way there".
the story of the last movie i watched.
it was at the cinema, it was an arabic film actually, not english, it is called "men's secret club"
, tell you? the story.
okay, in general, it was talking that people were different there. my friends told me to go and watch it, because they told me the boys are very very bad, and look what they are doing. look, finally the goal of this movie that boys are having their own world.
my personal opinion is how a girl can deal with boys without losing herself, and let the boy thinks by another way, and at the same time girls must think and put plans  .
very much, i like listening to songs very much.
no, i like anything, arabic and english, and any type of song, there isn't a certain type of songs.
i listen to sad songs, but, i don't like to hear this type of songs a lot as it can depress me, do you understand?  .
during the time of university, i was at something called .. do you want me to say its name? okay, there was something related to the stock exchange, but, i was responsible for the media department there.
there was another thing, yes, it was a charity, i was the one responsible for the charity there.
we were helping people from .. from inside the university, the university became to have a role.
there was another thing, it was entertainment, those 3 things together, those were things i liked mostly. when, i was at school, there wasn't anything from these.
look, i am here at the .. at the channel of this university, i am the presenter.
look, since i was a child, my dream job was to be a presenter, so, if i didn't take the chance to work there, i would .. actually i was asking anyone about a job, i.e. to have a job.
that was really.
so, till i came here, yes, i am working with the university, but, in another online channel not related to the university, so, still more than 1 person tell me that it is very difficult and it is better to leave this job, but, it is difficult to find another, then, i insist on the .. that's why here or there it will be my dream job.
i have taken my internship in berlin from a very short time.
it was something related to the social media, but mostly fashion, they said as i am the presenter so, of course i will have a background about fashion and style, so, i can help.
it was for two to three weeks only and returned back.
look, every stage has its own positive points, i miss those days. when i was a student i was enjoying my life, i was sleeping or going outside at any time, but, now i feel with more stress.
at the time when i was a student, i was feeling with stress, but, now i know that stress is much more.
you think you want to get old, want to be better, think what the next step is.
this is good and that's good, but, of course what i am in is good as well.
yes, i traveled to paris before, but, it was a from a very long time.
i traveled to berlin as well, more than 1 time.
i traveled to italy.
mostly were outings.
i traveled to malaysia because one of my relatives is from malaysia, that's why i went there.
i traveled to thailand.
every place has its own culture, so, it is something good to know different and new things.
look, thailand is the most different culture from us and from any other culture, because in thailand, the religion is buddhism., it is a very different religion.
the ..  the food was awful  .
actually, i didn't find anything i can eat there.
they are eating insects and uncooked food.
in malaysia, it was a little bit asian, yes, it was similar to it, but in malaysia is a country which has foreigners and it has everything you need. so, everything has .. has the .. things known by its country, every country has its own culture.
of course europe is something completely different.
we are talking on something completely different.
maybe what makes asia different, that it has many activities like swimming with an elephant, or anything related to fun.
but, europe known by its high urbanization.
venice and milano, why? because.
why? because,  venice it is an extremely good country, the idea that the way of your transportation is by using something like a small boat, makes you feel that everything is going with ease and lightness. actually you can feel with a great elegance.
and milano, because it is known by fashion, and i adore something called fashion, there is an elegance in the .. in the .. in the .. way of walking, not the way to wear the clothes, but, in the way of walking itself.
that is me, this is as my personality.
no. at first, i will think, because it will depend on the job, what it will be this bob, if it is something i like or not? what is he language used?
so, if it is paris, i will tell you okay, because i was learning french at the school time.
but, still, what will be the job?
am i going to like this job or not?
is is it good or not?
is it .. is it going to suit me or am i going to switch and change the career?
all of these are going to make a difference with me, if i am going to agree or not.
traveled  .
not too much as well.
there are many things i don't know.
i went before to luxor and aswan.
i want to go to dahab, i never went there.
i went before to alexandria, and all these .. known places.
but, it was too many here in egypt.  .
and of course i went to fayoum before.
but, i didn't go to many places here in cairo.
from 2 years ago, i had a big accident.
i lost memory for we can say two or three days.
days i don't remember at all.
and the accident was not here in cairo, it happened in another governorate.
, i can't remember, there are many details as well i can't remember, but, i heard and i knew that i was almost near to lose my life in a second.
i was receiving a treatment for 4 months, i was having many injuries in my body result from this accident.
in every place in my body.
without telling you details.
but, after i knew that i lost memory and i knew that it was for two three days it is a short time, so, i found that i am still able to remember any old memories except the details of the accident, that's why i asked myself why am i feeling upset? there is nothing to make me feel upset.
from that time of the accident, my way of thinking changed. for example: if there is something happened that might annoy me, so, i will take the decision to think if it is something deserves to get upset on it or not. the same, if lost a job or i argued with someone, because there are other important things to thin about.
look, both are good, but, sometimes i think if i am going to work with a team so, i will depend on them, and i may not work, but, if i am going to work by myself, then, i will work more and faster.  .
i usually encourage and motivate.
i am from the persons who usually gives motivation to people.
i have to encourage and give motivation and start by saying that if we are not going to do x, then, what can we do, trying to save what is remained  .
of course my manager, and if we are talking about someone outside the university, then, it will be of course my father and my mother.
of course because they are the ones who are usually motivate and encourage me on everything in my life whether a job, relation or anything in my life.
they are the most persons who can support me, even in the worst situations.  .
respected, because if people .. if they respect you, they will be already .. already liked from .. from all the people, but, if you are liked, then, it is not a condition to be respected.
you can be liked because of .. your look, something good you did, but, not for your personality.
no, it is a little bit easy, because i always like to spend time at home, actually i am not very sociable with people.
if it is less, no.
if it is too much, so, i .. i find myself can't deal very much.
i feel they are different.
i feel they are in attitude where i can't be fake because there is too much fakeness.
look, it is something i like and don't like at the same time in my personality, that i am very kind with the people, and that is something .. good and bad at the same time.
why is it good?
why is it good? because i can't leave a person who needs a help from me without supporting him/her.
i, it is must be me .. it is not .. it is not something mandatory, but, i like to help, i like to work, i like to talk, i like to stand, i like like like, but, at the same time, there is a point i reach where i feel that i stressed on myself.
you are kind, so, there is no problem if we stressed on her.
lying.
sometimes i feel i am cool.  .
something weird?
look, there is something i usually do, but it is slightly weird, for example: if i bought any earring, whatever it is, there is right side and left side, so, i have to wear the right piece in the right side, and the left piece on the right side, and it must be returned, and if this not happened, then, it will be one of the big problems.
if i knew that the person who is talking in front of me is lying, so, this .. this stressed me and i feel that i can't prove the oppposite.
acting  .
yes , i usually do this.
i usually interfere different topics together to show my qualifications, that i have x, y, z  .
look, if i am talking with a close person, then, she will know that i am telling her fake things, but, if i talked with someone not close to me, she would get impressed with my way in thinking, and that is not real.  .
no, impossible.
all my life depends on it.
i have whatsapp and instagram, actually all my work is on it
i use instagram and social media in general for my work, so, mobile phone is all my life.
okay. i can convince you to do career shift and become presenters.
why to be presenters? because now you if i am going to do an interview you didn't think for example  i while doing this interview with her, is she a presenter or not, and then what?
no.
so, i see that while doing an interview with me, you put a great confidence in yourself.
arranged your questions.
you did a script or both of you did a very good script.
you talked with a very organized way to prove yourselves as presenters.
therefore, this makes me see that the question was arranged, everything was going organized, and the script itself was prepared, actually all the ideas are ready.
so, this makes me feel convinced that you can be presenters.
so, this can make you ask yourselves, why am i not be a presenter?
i succeeded in .. in the .. in the thing i am doing, and in asking her the questions and she answered all the questions, and we didn't feel that she lost, but on the other hand i found that everything was going smoothly and arranged, and that of course will let you feel self confidence to become presenters.
it is not related to the certificate at all.
yes, i am a masscom graduate, but all .. half the number of the people .. half the number of people who work in this field
the talent and self confidence.
if you felt with a high self confidence, then, this will help to let you become a presenter.  .
i am from alexandria.
my background is i was at national school, english only.
i went to the university .. faculty of engineering, i already took the decision to go to the faculty of engineering.
in the beginning, i took the decision to go to mechatronics and then i took the decision to switch to another department.
by studying, i liked computer engineering in general, computer science as programming in specific.
so, i shifted .. i shifted the major, and i decided to study computer science. later on, i decided to shift the major once again, i decided to change and study another subjects in computer science, because i liked to study these subjects.
that's it .. that happened at the 2nd year .. the decision .. i took the decision from the 2nd year at university, but actually after the first term i felt i need to change and shift to another section.
what are we studying in computer science?
okay. it is mainly programming and then we have studied theoretical subjects related to computer and computer programming. and then, we studied things related to signals audio video processing and image processing.
and mainly this is what we have taken and studied or we can say this is what at least i enjoyed or cared to study.
moreover, there were courses about course hardware, but, i didn't enjoy or care studying it.
my bachelor project was talking about hci and machine learning and image processing all together. it was a facial emotion recognition, and it wasn't here in egypt, it was at a university in germany in stuttgart.
i have worked on this project, doing research for 3 months and implementation for another 3 months and that's it.
that .. that's what i remember about my project.
and by the end of this project, we got output only.
oh  later on, i decided to continue my study and do masters as long as i liked the academic field because i liked doing research and reading papers. in general, research is even more important than the idea of teaching itself.
i liked the academic field very much because i felt with the creativity, and everyday i read and learn new things and i can shift the field easily, without doing any modularity things.
my daily routine, when i wake up in the morning, i take a shower and go to the work, except at the weekends, so, i .. go to my work.
if i had time, i would drink coffee, and then start my work, if not, then, i start my work and during a free time i bring a coffee.
but, it is a must to have a coffee in the first 2 hours of my life and then continue my work, and later on after 4 or 5 hours i have coffee as well.
so, we can say that coffee is from the main things at my work, because it helps me to continue working.
but, sometimes i don't take my breakfast. breakfast is not a part from my daily routine. from my routine, once i woke up, it is a must to listen to songs, and these songs affect me positively while working or not.
i always listen to songs,  .. songs help me to concentrate. listening to songs help me to concentrate faster and help me to feel relax.
that's my daily routine .. my routine depends mainly on coffee and music.
i listen more to arabic songs because i like old arabic songs .. i listen to any singer, so, i can't tell you a specific one whom i listen to.
i can tell you a name, but, we can't say that this is the only singer whom i listen to his songs only and all the time, i like to hear many singers .. but mostly, i listen to arabic songs and oriental music. if i got a chance to attend an oriental musical concert, i wouldn't miss this chance and go immediately.
in the weekends, i return back to my family in alexandria, as i am .. i am not from cairo.
a whole day i spend with my friends, at one of our friend's home.
i spend all the day and return back home late at night.
i spend all the saturday with my family and mainly on every saturday there are football games, so on saturday i watch football games and spend the day with my family.
yes, it is included in my day, but, it is not everyday, at least i read a book in a month, and most of the books i read are novels whether arabic or english, there is nothing specific. also, as i like writing, so, reading is very important for me.
no, i don't read books to .. i mean, for me books help me to increase experiences more than taking a specific quote. what attracts me is the story itself, not a certain quote, actually i don't concentrate on quotes while reading a book.
we can say that writing may help me to improve my way in writing, but, this doesn't mean borrow (quotation) any specific part from a book i read before.
okay. there is a book i have read from few months ago, it is not the last book i read, but it is .. it is from the books that influenced me, it is a book for tawfik el hakem called "people of the cave".
it is talking about the story of the "people of the cave" which is almost mentioned in all religions, but, the idea that he wrote it by a different way.
he imagined the characters of the story as if they are real persons we know or they are existing in this era. he started to imagine if those persons woke up and started to see things related to the real world they were already exist in from hundreds or thousands years ago .. i can't remember the number of years .. but the idea is how those persons are going to interact in the 2 eras.
because those persons are going to interact and according to the values they knew, they found everything changed and the society itself changed .. although this new society is the one they hoped to live in, but they found themselves can't adapt and there is a struggle inside them between this is the society they wished to live in before and their disability to adapt this new situation, although they woke up young aged .. without any change.
there is a movie called the perks of being a wallflower.
the movie is good, because it is talking about unsocial (introvert) person who is suffering from some psychological problems.
but, the main idea, i don't care to watch movies talking about unsocial persons.
mostly because .. they mainly focus on stories talking about social problems more than stories talking about introvert (unsocial) persons.
the character in the movie was suffering from a big problem during his high school, and the film showed us how this person started to deal with the situation .. the story itself contains many details.
but, it was a good movie, and its story is written in a book, and i read this book after watched the movie.
musician.
i like music.
i play music a little, but the idea is i like composing and .. and singing as well, but i am not sure if singing likes me as well or not, but at least .. the other things, yes.
so, .. yes, but the problem is, this needs effort and a very long time, and unfortunately we can't take all the things together.
okay. once before i did internship at .. at petroleum company  in a desert in hurghada at the mountains and it was something a little bit weird because it was something like a camp.
people there live like that, they live for 2 to 3 weeks and then, 2 to 3 weeks at their place as a vacation.
it was an experience, it was .. i was living alone by myself, and actually that doesn't matter with me, to accept the idea that i am living alone in a place away from any other people. you are living in a very little place, and that's .. that's all you know about the place you are working in, and it was a little bit weird.
it is not a must to learn something new, i might learn skills like technical work, i don't know how to rate my experience, but all i am sure about is i am not going to live this life, so, i took the decision to not work by this .. by this way or routine, i.e. a place of work and at the same time the place to take a vacation.
maybe it is my life when i was a student, because i didn't feel with the pressure of studying and projects.
pressure is not affecting me a lot.
so .. before, i didn't have responsibilities verses nowadays, i am responsible on myself, although i am living alone by myself, but, before, the responsibilities were not too much like today.
before, i was having the idea that for example: i am not able to do x now, i can do it later, but, now the situation is different, i can't do this and delay doing something, because actually i have many things must be done.
i mean i have to prepare the tutorial .. before, if i didn't study, then, it would affect me by not getting high grades, but nowadays, i have to prepare it because my conscience will not allow me to teach a tutorial without being well prepared, or  to wake up or whatever .
so, anyway, there is a pressure on me regarding things i have to do and rules i have to satisfy, although while i was a student, there were rules, but, it was not a must.
so, i think the .. the student life was less pressure although i can't say that i am feeling upset now.
i am not feeling upset, and at the same time the point of having pressure doesn't make a difference with me .. but i think it was more comfortable for me.
yes, i traveled for 6 months to do my master project.
no, tell me the next question.
okay. the point is in the experience of traveling, the point that i am living alone by myself doesn't matter for me, but at least i learned how to cook by myself.
i wasn't cooking here.
although i am living alone by myself, but, i .. making order for any food.
there, i learned how to cook just because there was a little free time than here.
so, .. this was one of the experiences.
there is something else, but it is something personal, the point is how to adapt myself alone in a place without knowing many people.
how, for example .. the point you know people who are close to you plus while traveling the situation differs, people differ when they traveled and go anywhere else.
and this experience is not only in masters, but also in bachelor and the master.
i think it is the same idea, we are not very far.
the people are very different, i mean you may find someone does something different than what he is doing here, and the oppposite, so, i have seen all the types of people.
so .. that was my personal experience, i learned many things in my life, for example not to expect a lot of expectation, because i found people may change after being far away and traveled. i understood that .. whatever happens is according to the circumstances.
actually there are many places i liked there. there is a place in switzerland called rhine falls, it is a water falls of a river called rhine, and for me it is a very good place.
i was going .. i was going there a lot.
it is not very near to me, but .. in many times i decided to take a day off just only to go there and enjoy the natural views there, to get relaxed.
yes, if i got the chance.
i already have offers.
i think, i will travel just i .. am convinced with the experience found there, it is good.
it is not the idea of just traveling, but it is the point that anything i need is better there.
so, it will be faster, the idea is .. not easier but faster and more efficient.
the biggest turning point in my life is when i took the decision to leave my family in alexandria, and came here to cairo and live by myself to study in the university, so, i think this is a big decision i took, and all my life changed after this decision and even all my relations with all my friends changed, i.e. all my life changed.
it made me independent person, until i reached a point where i can't be dependent anymore.
and i can't live with people, i get used to live alone by myself, so, it is not the easiest thing for me.
i think there are other things i liked as well, and i didn't know before that i like it i had free time so, i decided to try these new things and finally i discovered that i liked them.
all my life time was with my family, so, the point to try something new was difficult to be done, but, now i am feeling free, i can go anywhere and return at anytime, and i don't have to do something on certain time.
i liked to work in teams, even if the teams are not going to work or do anything. for me it is important to work in group because get bored if i worked alone.
but, i'm usually keen to know everything, and the role of everyone .. because of the details .. because the point is, as we are working in a group, so we have to collect all the work together, so, everyone must be updated .. updated to be able to complete the work and merge all things together with each other.
so, i like to work in teams however .. however i don't get upset if i am going to work alone, but i prefer to work in teams.
unfortunately, no.
i feel that everyone of us has good things and bad things, so, if i found someone does something good, so, i would try to do like this person, and if he did something wrong, so, i will not neglect it and not follow him doing this.
but .. but  overall i can't choose someone to be my role model, because of course this person is not an angel and not doing any mistakes or wrong things, we are humans by the end.
i will answer i'd rather be respected from all people, because i feel convinced by this.
liked, i prefer to be liked by the people around me  because in general, i try to let people respect me, i don't make a fool of myself, i always try to keep my dignity.
but, for the people who are close to me, i don't want them to feel with my dignity or whatever, they are dealing with me already on a personal level.
we are dealing like anyone, like .. with my family.
with my family, i don't care with the point of dealing with me in respect, but, the most important is love, i don't mean liking, but, the point of love itself.
no, i will need time, because i am not a sociable person with the persons whom i don't know before.
so, i .. i am the type of persons who sit at a corner by myself without talking with persons i met for the 1st time, although if there are many people, then i can start to talk and share with them.
but, it is not easy for me to start talking.
the start is usually hard for me.
i don't like to talk or share with anyone i don't know.
as i dealt with many different people because of the experiences i have.
i live alone by myself and i met many people so, .. i have seen many people from different social levels and from different cultures, so, it is not social level only.
it is not social level related to economic state, but i mean different social levels and different religions.
also, when i traveled, i met people there who are not of high standard level at all, and even that there was a respect in the way of dealing and that is something good, and i already have friends from there.
if this person is a close one, on a personal level, so, i don't like to be selfish person, if he is a person not close to me, then, i don't like to be stupid.
i can't tolerate stupidity, if it is from a person who is not close to me, and i don't like selfishness from the close persons, because at a point, this will affect me.
we can say emotional problems whether with my family, god or with my friends, other than that i don't feel with stress, neither work nor study can let m feel with stress.
maybe.
as it is emotional, so, we can say it is loneliness as well.
so, it is this or that.
so, it could be the point of loneliness or if i have emotional problem with .. with the persons who are close to me.
, definitely, i am not saying any non understandable things.
i say words to the point, but it is not a must that these are the words the want to hear.
but, yes, i may do this.
or did that.
but, not to say non understandable words.
because i am sure that this person sits in front me, has a great experience and he is able to evaluate me, so, for sure he will understand anything i am going to say, and will catch me if i am saying any meaningless words.
and as i mentioned before that it is important for me to find people respect me, so, i am not going to lose my dignity.
and at this point, i will say this evaluation is not important for me to be done.
i don't know.
i .. i didn't use social .. social networks for a very long time before, so, it's no problem, that was for months.
no, i didn't get upset.
but, i think without using mobile, there must be a different life to live.
by this way, i will not be able to work as ta and the mobile phone is not going to be a part of my life, and will not be a way helps to communicate with others.
but .. is the telephone will be available?
i mean, i can contact other people easily, right?
so, yes, there is no problem as long as there is another way of communication that can help me to contact with others.
it is not a must to have a mobile phone.
so, the most important for me, that there is a way i can reach them.
okay. so, i will try to convince you to continue you career as an academic field, and not continue in this regular type of work.
why? because we are living in egypt, and as we're both working in the same field, the .. the available opportunities are  in jobs that are repetitive .
so, in academic field, we don't have opportunities in the field of industry and it is something routine, it is not repeated and there is a creativity.
the only thing that is characterized by creativity without boring is the research in general and the academic life.
because in the academic life, you are dealing with students and doctors every day.
and when attending conferences, you should ideally attend many conferences so you get to know people from different universities, different networks, different social levels with different cultures.
so, this is a good and comfortable.
plus there isn't the concept of deadlines, where you're supposed to have a certain task that should be done by a certain time because the
no, in the academic life, you are feeling free.
that is if you want to .. want to .. you're the doctor, so you're in control of the course, if you want to modify it, you want to be more creative, you want to do some research, and if you get tired of research, then you can take some time off research and continue teaching and that's it.
you are the one who can control and mange the time, and after you finished teaching, then, you can go without any control.
but, here in egypt, at least if you are having a task, then, you have to do all your best until completing it.
you may need to stay at night working, you are going to live or die, but, the most important is to finish your task.
plus, you are going to have this type of clients who are going to ask you to change the things they need and you are going to start to repeat the work you did again, and this is not found here with us.
you .. you are the one who did your own research.
you .. you are the one who thought in the idea and took the decision.
so, you are the one who implement your own idea.
you are the one who know how to do it.
you go and present your own idea.
you are the one who have a control on himself.
and i think, the point of academic has no boss.
there is a boss, who is for sure higher than you in the position, but the way of dealing is not .. is not related by .. you are doctor like him, you have publications and he has publications as well, so, bot of you are talking on academic level, it is not like an order and you have to do.
this is not available in the academic life at all.
so, i would recommend you to start doing masters, and you are not going to lose anything, at least you are going to try new fields and this will help you to know what you like most, because i dont think the bachelor studies are enough to help you what you need to do at least at the place we are in.
and maybe .. at that time decide.
or most of the people who do masters and research like the .. the .. like more the academic career.
and if you didn't like, you are not going to lose anything, you have a degree, and with this degree you will be able to use it at any other place, plus you are better than other people, because you have a degree which is something not the certificate itself, but, you learned as well and you are developed at this period of time.
i am from nasr city .. cairo, nasr city.
i was going to national school, and i was studying english and french.
since i was at secondary stage, i .. i went to the faculty of commerce, english section .. when, i was at the secondary stage, i was studying biology, but, i liked to go faculty of commerce english section, and at the same time i want to study biology, but, i don't want to go to the faculty of pharmacy.
so, since i was at the secondary stage i took my decision to go to the faculty of commerce english section, even, if i got high grade, and this is what i done, thanks god.
i have a baby and he is the one who wakes me up very very early.
we wake up preparing the breakfast, then, we wear our clothes and go outside to arrive my baby to the nursery and then arrive to work.
yes, for sure there must be a day specific for my son, to go outside together, something suitable for his age, and another day for an outing with our friends.
no.
no skip i remember nothing.
yes, i like listening to music.
i like listening to arabic sings to amr diab.
i will enroll him god's willing in french international.
why? because my husband was french and i can see that it was very beneficial at work, so to be second .. language first and english to be second he would still be good at both that's why i will enroll him in french.
well, i have always wanted to be an accountant in a company.
my father wanted me to work at banks but i didn't want banks system so i was determined to work at a company.
yes, for sure i did internships when i was at college and it was in banks after finishing college i worked at a company it was my first job and then i worked here.
no i prefer my life when i was a student honestly, because the responsibility was less, at work definitely the responsibility is much more and then i got married and have a baby so no frankly before life was much better .
yes, i have traveled before.
i traveled to thailand .. traveled to thailand.
and definitely i don't want to go there once more it's once and that's it  it was very beautiful and i would like to see another country god's willing actually spain would be the next step.
definitely i will do this because i need a better future for my son.
and he will affect my decision whether the country is suitable to live in it with my husband, and my son or not.
the country is okay, there is no problem and there would be better future for my son.
definitely, i will go of course god's willing.
look there is more than one place, in spain, and in france, and in italy a new country actually.
why? to see new things. monuments there, outings there, different life, it's different than egypt actually.
yes.
well, it's the favorite place for me for me i have to travel to el gouna once per year i mean for 4 years we have to travel to el gouna every year.
this is the place we enjoy visiting the most in egypt.
when i gave birth  when i gave birth, it was a turning point in my life actually.
what changed in my character?
i felt that i'm the life for someone else, i mean he depends on me in everything i have no idea .. i mean i can't do anything without him for example so it was the turning point in my life for example.
no at college i liked working in teams because we come up with new ideas with each other, help each other, we think in different directions which makes us see different things that i didn't see alone. so, working in teams is of course much better.
my father, my father is my role model.
he is the best person i have ever seen in you life.
there is someone at work also reminds me of my father, as well i haven't seen anybody like him.
he is a respected person, that help people, who make no harm to anybody, he is a person who do good for others, so actually both of them are the best people i have ever seen in life.
respected.
respected is .. forced to like me i mean forced %h .. he will look good to me but like this is not anybody,, i mean i can't like you, but respect if you are fine that's it i will respect .
well i took time slightly till understanding the other person but it's fine %h .. %h i mean i will go on with him, if i don't feet at ease there would be boundaries so i take time and people get to know me say that we thought that we were totally different it's only to know if the other person is good or not.
it can be if i felt that he is a person who doesn't want good for others or who is gossiping about people, if i shared something with him and i knew that he shared it with others which actually happened before and is currently actually happening with someone, that's it will be closed his file that's it i don't want to know him again.
me for example like to keep actually .. i mean keep secrets and like good for others these are the two things that i like to find in others and like good for others thank god really.
no no i have no problem in this issue, i can adapt with others, i mean it's normal .
work and the .. home responsibility, the baby i mean not responsibility .. the baby these are the most things .. both together sometime i need to slightly take a break, so the issue is very hard actually.
well, it's of course  i mean try actually because my son doesn't spend much time with me so i try after returning back %b .. spend all time with him as i mentioned that on weekend and we go out with him to compensate him that we don't spend much time with him during the week.
the work you are at work so there is no problem but it's %k .. stress no more.
no, i have just been in this problem recently and i said i have no idea that's it actually i mean it's not .. not i will not be able to talk and it seems that i don't know so that's it i will not embarrass myself and i don't know there is no problem actually  .
no, no he accepted that there is no problem, he asked me another question.
no, i can't live without a mobile.
why because i will feel that it's safe for people who will be far away from me, i mean my son, husband and parents.
i can go to my parents but sometimes for example when i'm tired it's much easier to call him so the mobile is something crucial now. no no  .
you have to travel abroad
you have to travel abroad i mean we are older than you and we are trying to take this step actually.
and the education is much better
and what i'm paying as well may be is not equivalent of what i'm getting.
so, currently i focus on my son this is the step in which i'm in right now i want him to live a life hundred times better than me.
for better future god's willing