تمام and ف .. on اجازات weekends بتعملي do بتعملي بتعملي on a weekend ?
okay ماشي and what about hobbies بتاعتك؟ general عامة؟ your hobbies ?
okay
before start sending your kid to المدرسة have you ever taught ابنه for example parents may بيعلم their ابنه كلمتين or two words for example give me بتقوليله kiss or something like that so what did you use بتقوليله بتقوليله him ? كنتي did you بتعمليه بتعمليه ايه؟ in بالإنجليزي ولا in arabic بالعربي؟ and why ?
تمام تقري okay بمناسبة reading you said that you بتقولي reading which مقولة do you like the most or is always on دماغك؟ دماغك؟ دماغك؟
okay okay would you tell us عن .. about a book that you have قريتيه or the last book you have قريتيه؟ ? or اي book that قريتيه؟ have read ? which thing do دماغك؟ remember في most ?
تمام okay do you generally listen بتسمعي english songs or arabic ones ?
what was your التخرج about ? مشروع bachelor project was about what ?
okay okay كنت it your dream job to work as a teacher assistant ta at the university or what was on دماغك؟ mind ?
you told me that you have traveled before in .. in africa right ?
سافرتي you traveled to another place ?
تمام ايه ما is it you remember the اكتر ? the most .. the most مكان you have been to and اكتر most place you have seen and you liked so much that you still remember till now دلوقت you will never forget هتنسيها؟
okay when you سافرتي did you make friends i mean did عملتي make friends ?
what is the most prominent moment that you felt was a تحول نقطة in your life in عامة since long time ago ?
okay what was التغيير التغيير in شخصيتك personality or i mean i يعني قبل before it and after it بعديها؟
تمام زي there is .. there is a question that i want التدريس read to you as it هو ان we are teaching in general would أنك rather تكون محبوب or respected ?
would you like people to بتتعامل with تحبي and do بتتعامل for you because they like بتحبك or because عشان have to .. they have to يحترموك يحترموك
تمام ليه طب و why why do you feel انه people come بتيجي easily تتكلم to معاكي بسهولة؟
do you face such situations ?
or بتحسي you feel ..
تمام بت .. when .. do تتكلمي feel difficulty when تتكلمي to ناس from a different social level ? lower or higher ?
okay well ده .. that is to .. تبهري the other or تحسسيه make him feel that i can speak this اللغة
well في there مواقف مواقف where اتكلمتي اتكلمتي في english to show others that you understand but actually you are talking تحسسي حاجة topic that you do not understand well ?
i mean because some people may use this way to hide
for example all of us احنا done ده in .. in evaluation of for example projects
i can keep talking while i do not even understand
what do you like the most في شخصيتك؟ character ? in your way ?
okay can you live without a mobile ?
طيب can you تختاري anything and convince me with it ? anything for example i 'm i 'm met like you were met choose for example to .. to .. to work for example ta or to go for اروح company ? anything and convince اقنعيني with it
اقنعتني، convinced اقنعتني، اقنعتني، اقنعتني convinced me because انا was بفكر في كده
شكرا merci
تمام فين؟ can can تقوليلنا tell us where were you born ?
او او did you دخلتي to national ولا international مدرسة تعليمك تعليمك generally عامة؟
okay what was your major or the university , it 's not لازم the name of the الجامعة itself التخصص what is your التخصص i mean you study scope ؟
okay and what was your bachelor مشروع ?
can تقوليلنا tell us what do you do في your day when you wake up in the morning ?
your اليومي routine
i mean your daily اليومي generally يومك does your day go ازاي do you go بتروحى drive the kids بتيجي go to الشغل something like that .
okay
تمام طيب what was the most quote that you have read بتحبيها you like او أنت is remarkable for معاكي quote ?
في there any piece of quote that you like in عامة بتحبيها؟
okay well okay well who is your favorite فنان ? أكتر الفنان do you like watching the most or تقريله for عامة ?
is there somebody .. in a certain حاجة .. is there any specific person or is there not ?
okay okay رياضة؟ ?
رياضة sport ?
okay okay اما when you were at the university in عامة were you enrolled in نشاط or were you في scout or anything of that sort ?
okay well can you تقوليلنا us what the role was about and which department كنتوا were in , for instance which project were you working on and so on ?
okay well okay do you like تسمعي to english ولا arabic songs ?
which movie do you like most ?
مافيش؟ مافيش؟
okay
okay
okay do you you have او or so ?
okay okay
which job do you want to have ?
did you wish كنت have another job تانية؟
او what was بتاعتك dream job generally back at the university and انت at المدرسة؟ ?
okay
ليه؟ ?
okay
what if one day , let 's suppose انه it can happen , which is not موجود , what لو you choose to be a student again would انك do that or would انتي still prefer that you have passed خلاص phase .
i يعنى many قالوا before ان قالوا do not like that they yes it was more comfortable and easier و we do not want to نرجع back to طلبة students
do you still بتتكلموا and interact together or اما yo return back ?
in this السفرية , what كنت you doing ايه؟
master 's مثلا example or ?
okay okay well can can you tell تحكيلنا about تحكيلنا phd can نسمع hear نسمع عنها؟ ?
okay no problem
okay طيب is there a place you want to travel to apart from for example germany that you have already روحتيها or have سافرتي سافرتي another trip ?
is there a place that you have ماروحتيهوش yet visited and would like to تروحيه؟ to ?
okay why is اشمعنى؟ اشمعنى؟
في there reasons ?
are there reasons for that ?
تمام
ماشي okay can you tell تحكيلنا about قضيتها last trip to egypt او so كده have you gone to ?
what إيه؟ you إيه؟ ?
باختصار mean briefly
تمام
do you بتحبي المكان place هناك or what have you visited for example ?
okay
okay أكيد there is definitely a time or moment that خليتك you change your mind or change مثلا example for example your الجامعة major
you changed something that made you think تاني مختلفة
have you faced something like that or كنت life moving smoothly
okay
تمام اساسي؟ so a صعب question is there a main role model role شوية in حياتك life اساسي؟
someone in معين؟ ?
تمام
okay
okay تفضلي يعني read the question as it هو in a class or in general would you rather be liked or respected ?
okay do you feel like you are an easy شخص to talk to or شويه؟ ?
okay
do you بتحسي it is difficult to deal with ناس from different اجتماعي level مختلف؟
higher or lower
do بتحسي feel the الوضوع
do you not مابتحسيش like when we 're talking to بنتكلم from اجتماعي lower social level انه انا are not talking بنفس the same الطريقة you would use مع other الناس for example مثلا؟
so he may not understand me if i talk in إنجليزي or if i اتكلمت anything اتكلمت would not understand me
or do you know how to deal with it immediately انه once the person i 'm talking to does not understand عادي؟ will talk to him normally ?
okay ماشي
تمام
i do not فاهم
okay okay what 's the primal thing that makes you stressed مضغوطة؟
بتتوتري get stressed when بتحصل؟ happened بتحصل؟
okay how do بتتعاملى handle such a الموقف ?
okay okay did it happen before that while you were talking to someone or for مثلا when you were طالبة student during an تقييم or so you were talking about a موضوع that you do n't understand well so you were talking in english او alternating اللغات or showing the other person that انك understand well ?
so you used to بتعملي that ?
almost تقريبا of تقريبا
okay and how did the other الشخص react ?
so he believed that you understand بقى or did he keep pressuring you with questions and no but how and so on كده؟
okay okay did you do الموقف same just to make others feel that is تبهري تبهري قدامك؟ others ?
i mean اذا there is في حد actually there was someone who said that he did so at at مدرسة for a school مقابلة to be able to to يدخل his الولد to school so he فلازم to يتكلم english in المقابلة interview and so on ?
so did you need to do that to make the other people get impressed or something of that كده؟ ?
تمام
طب , can you do without a mobile موبايل؟
why ليه؟
okay
طب that 's it خلاص شكرا .
اه خلاص that 's it
okay would you .. would you please تحكيلنا تحكيلنا عن your background for example where were اتولدت born and what did you study .. i studied في .. where و so on كده، it 's not important to لازم the school name but is it international school , national , what was اللغات language ? and so on
تمام where are you originally from ? من cairo or not من .. ?
okay okay what is بتاعك bachelor عن ?
okay okay what is your .. is your المفضلة الرياضة بتاعتك one you play the most .
تمام إيه؟ okay how often do you play basketball ?
in general how long have you been بتلعب؟ بتلعب؟
okay أنت is the most movie بتحبه؟ movie you like بتحبه؟ and why ليه؟ or can you please briefly tell us about it
okay would تحكيلنا please tell us briefly about it .. لو you يعنى
ماشى
أنت you like most to be a أكتر مزاجك؟ or to work in a field that you like مزاجك؟
okay okay have أنت done before internships or have you worked before a part-time or full-time شغل or اي of that sort ?
okay
why is اشمعنى؟ اشمعنى؟ why did you accept الفرصة opportunity ?
would you please tell us عن .. about .. about the واحدة عجبتك liked the most او the one where you did many activities it is not necessary to be the last واحدة
the most place i did activities in was aswan
تمام
okay
طيب do you بتحب reading القراية؟
okay okay could you tell حياتك about for مثلا about certain وقت in your life إن you feel that it ده a turning point or made you think in a مختلفة way not .. you were doing حاجة or thinking or حاجة و غيرت suddenly completely تفكيرك your mind
ماشى in your part-time job that you were doing او in the internships or in the university do you much بتحب to work on أكتر team or to work individually and to be مسئول مسئول of كل حاجة؟
okay well and .. لو to be a الفريق leader and how to encourage the team and that يكونوا should be .. لو someone was okay with working then he failed to continue , how should فازاي encourage him ?
you mean if i have another role الواقعية في real الحياة يعنى؟
do you prefer that people do you a favor because تحب like you ولا because they have بتحبك respect you as they believe that هم do this because they respect you ?
good
do you that you are an easy شخص to تتكلم with and to have تتكلم friendly talk with or you لازم فترة تعارف for some time ?
why ليه؟
so people do n't تتكلم معاك معاك easily و do n't تتعود used to you .
okay
even if بتتعاموا do n't interact with people في حاجة بالتعليم مناسبة , you will meet في an event أو something .
تمام
ماشى طيب
what they usually tell you انت he always بتعمل دايما
انت example , you do n't sit with us .
okay و have you .. used english في قبل middle of كلامك speech so that الناس in front of you .. you .. يفكروا that okay you 're in a higher social مستوى definitely ?
ماشي متوتر makes you very stressful ?
okay , well ممكن can choose طيب and تقنعنا us to do .
anything , anything like نسافر or working .
يعني example , we are هنا at the .. university and ماسافرناش have n't traveled abroad so انت did you travel abroad سافرت؟
persuade me as i was not convinced مثلا travel abroad اسافر
no .
because they .. did n't pay what other people paid to learn
they did n't exert المجهود same effort that other people had exerted to learn ناس
yes بيلعبوا، كل بيلعبوا it and they في بيحبوها but at النهاية النهاية they got paid more من other people that really worked جدا in التعليم كله this is what affects المستقبل future .
i ca n't say because it depends on work , field and position .
no , definitely i do n't know .
يعنى course one like a manager team for example حاجة engineer will earn a better salary than anyone else who يكون having a different job .
for example
international laugh
okay thank you
تمام طيب can you تقوليلنا تقوليلنا ? where were you born ? or منين are you from ?
where did اتعلمتي اتعلمتي او what كان your education ?
okay did كنت go to a national or an international school ?
okay , what 's your major at university ?
what do you study in general ?
tell us about your study .
تمام أنت طيب when did اختارتي choose التخصص major ده؟
when did you decide that you عاوزه computer science ?
are you a member of clubs أو scout or anything like a service منظمة and what are their objectives لإيه؟
what do you do فيها أيه؟
well okay أيه 's your favorite movie ?
okay .
okay .
have اشتغلتي worked before جزئي or full-time or have you attended an internship or something ?
can you tell تحكيلنا about it ?
when did you feel that this was أكتر turning point و made you بتفكري differently now ?
why did قررتي feel that you were n't قادرة قادرة continue in architecture و that you decided تغيرى؟ change تغيرى؟
okay
can you tell us about your role models في everything ?
for example , you see this person as a role model in a كذه field يعني
و another role model في كذا another كذا
no problem من that
this طبيعية طبيعية .
is there حاجة else تانية؟
do you مثل any other role model في مجالات fields ?
do you feel لما it بتيجي difficult to deal مع people of a different social مستوى مثلا in a higher or a lower level ?
تمام طيب what do you like the most about yourself ? your طريقتك؟ ? في personality ?
how do people see you as a weird person ?
what أيه you very stressed ?
and how do أزاي handle this ?
okay well have you ever spoken about a موضوع that you did n't understand so you decided تتكلمى speak إنجليزي and to speak in a sophisticated way to show that you really understood everything .
okay
okay can you تعيشي without a موبايل ?
why ? how ? and everything ?
okay , here 's the last سؤال، سؤال، do you want to choose anything و تجربي to choose anything to persuade تقنعينا بيها؟ ?
anything , anything like حاجة or working .
how ماشي ?
okay , تمام
ماشي , thank you
طيب at first , can you tell us about your تعليمك ? where were you born و where are you from فين where were كنت living when you were at المدرسة then university و so on ?
okay and .. و و why did you choose that major in general ? and .. why do ليه like this education ده؟ what did you learn , for example ? and .. و what 's أيه التخرج project now ?
okay the second question was what 's the topic التخرج your bachelor project ?
okay can you tell us about any أنشطة that you do such as طلاب activities or scout او .. او clubs or anything and أيه was the target of doing it and what did you do what was the الدور .. what was your الدور and what projects did اشتغلتوا work on ?
do you like listening arabic or english songs ?
okay well have you ever بتفكر when you لما .. will يبقى عندك kids , will you هدخلهم your kids in قومية national ولا an دولية؟ school ?
what would you start teaching them when يبقوا are still young .. once يعرفوا start talking يتكلموا؟
okay well what .. what is your dream job ? نفسك do you want تشتغل بعد you finish university الجامعة؟
okay , can you تحكيلنا us about a part-time or full-time that you have worked before or any internships that you have attended ? how did كنت do أيه؟ ?
okay .. what 's your favorite مكان that you still remember and أكتر will never forget ? i mean what 's the مصر، that عجبك liked the most here or برا outside egypt ? المكان place that you عجبك سافرت the most and you will انت forget .
okay طيب if أنك كان the chance to live abroad or to travel abroad for a scholarship أو a job , would هتحب traveling هنا or staying هنا ?
okay موقف situation when you felt that it was a turning point في your life that you started thinking differently after that ?
okay do you بتعتبر yourself an easy person أن talk with و that people can easily يكسر the ice with you or .. they need time to get along بعض بينك ?
مابتعرفش do n't know how تتكلم تتكلم or you may feel that you want to change your way of speaking ?
okay what أكتر do أكتر feel that you have in your شخصيتك حلوة؟ و quality do you حاجة that it 's غريبة about you or what أيه الناس feel that it 's غريبة؟ غريبة؟ you ?
okay well have you ever tried speaking english expressions مع حد في a topic أنت you do n't بتتكلم تحسسه show that انت بتعمل everything ?
can you تعيش without a mobile ?
here 's the last question choose anything to persuade اقنعنا to do , anything .
anything , anything like traveling or working حاجة
okay ماشي thank you .
okay we can start by telling تحكيلنا where أنت أنت from منين؟
and where were you born ?
what was your وتعليمك ? was it قومية، national قومية، international مدرسة ?
arabic or english ?
what does it mean by your يعني؟ .
okay أنت were majored in هندسة كمبيوتر .. what did you study أكتر؟
and why .. why did you choose this major ?
what about your bachelor ? can you تحكلنا us about your bachelor project ? what was your bachelor project ? what did you do كده؟
في 's معلقة in your mind now او
okay well do you like listening to english or arabic songs ?
okay well do أنت like reading القراية؟
absolutely .
of course , the next question is about whether you have a مفضل book or a قصة عن a book أنت you like .
تمام
as far as i think you are n't married بتهيألي right صح؟
okay .
one day which school would you تدخلهم for your تدخلهم مدرسة قومية or an international school ?
which one would هتحب prefer ?
what would you like them to learn ?
which كلمات do people teach to their kids to let بيعلموهم يعرفوا these words ?
if أنت 're في their shoe , هتعلم كلمات would you هتعلم them ?
هتعلم you teach them إنجليزي؟ ?
will you teach them arabic ?
which words would you like your child to تعلم ?
like for example بيقولوا كلمات مثلا مثلا زي كلمات عارف like مثلا .
الكلام بتستخدم english in this context .
what would you like to use ?
the question is as would you rather be liked or respected ?
تمام well
طيب can you tell us about تمام دوام جزئي or دوام كامل job أو about الشغل الشغل تدريبات that you attended when you كنت a طالب at university ?
have you traveled قبل كده؟
okay well
ماشي can you tell us ? where have you سافرت to ?
what 's the most remarkable landscape or scene that you 've seen and you will never شايفه هتفضل and you هتفضل always فاكره؟ ? what 's the best مكان that you have ever seen ?
did you make friends when you traveled abroad ?
if yes , are you still in contact with them or not at all ?
ماشي is there معين place that you want to see ?
a place you really want to أوي .
طيب if you had the chance to travel abroad for a job or a دراسية , would you leave your work هنا and leave حياتك life to تسافر abroad or you would say no , i want تسافر stay here and not to travel ?
can you tell us about you last vacation في egypt ?
what was حتة last place you visited ? what did you do there ? what did you see إيه ? which activities did you do أو did قعدت يعني in a hotel ?
you should say تقول name but can you tell us what it is أو what طريقته طريقته was that you feel ان you want .
okay well do you consider yourself an easy person تتكلم talk with or people find it صعب to break the ice with you ?
or you يبقى two or three days for ice breaking so that الناس can talk to you or لا 's easier than this ?
okay do you find any difficulties when you deal with people of a different social level ?
بتحس you feel that you محتاج to change your way ?
okay so which character do you feel that you can not deal with ؟ i do n't mean which person , but which شخصية or personality you can not get أتعامل with ?
were n't you forced تقول mention sophisticated expressions during evaluations at university تحسس make the ta feel that you understand everything so you will pass the المشروع and التقييم evaluation يعدي؟
okay تقدر you live غير a mobile ?
the أخر حاجة is تقنعنا choose anything و persuade us with .
anything
أي , teaching , رياضة معينة sport , anything .
okay merci
at first , can you tell تقولنا who you are منين؟
where اتولدت you اتولدت ?
did you learn at a national or دولية؟ international مدرسة ?
i mean your background كده general ?
what كان your major at university بتاعك؟
and at what point did اختارت اختارت this major ?
why did you choose it ?
okay can you tell تحكيلنا about the topics of your study ?
what كان your bachelor project about ? how was it ازاى؟
كان does it discuss ? what was the قصة of the book الكتاب؟
لو quote do you كان من a book or anything ?
تمام طيب لما you will be having kids مستقبليا the future , كده school will you enroll your kids in قومية national ولا an دولية؟ school ?
which language will you تدخلهم for لغة؟ english , french or german ? and why ?
كده did you choose this حاجة particular ?
which life do you prefer ; working life ولا university life الجامعية؟
و لو you got the choice أو if you imagined that you would be حاجة طالب ترجع , would هتحب like this or not ?
can you تحكيلنا us about your experiences with traveling abroad ?
how long have you been there ? where have you سافرت to ?
what do you remember the most وأيه it 's so most مميز scene there and هتنسى will هتنسى forget المكان place ?
تمام هل and .. did أنت make تواصل؟ when you 're abroad ? و are you still على touch ? or you are no longer in تواصل؟ تتكلموا؟
okay is مكان .. any place you want to تزوره؟ تزوره؟
في there .. any place نفسك want to visit ?
okay , can you tell تقلنا ? لو you had the فرصة تسافر travel abroad for a job أو كمنحة scholarship but i think studying will not هتكون interesting for you , would you travel abroad for a job or منحة scholarship or you would stay هنا؟ ?
i will read you the question as it هو ; would أنك rather be liked or respected ?
whether in class أو في عامة do you like الناس تعمل you a لازم because أنت like you or because عشان have to or they respect you ?
can you mention a situation in موقف evaluation أو في university or anywhere else when you talked about a topic أن you did n't understand فاضطريت you have تقول say فاضطريت مصطلحات expressions and speak إنجليزي just to show yourself و to pass this evaluation or تعدي meeting يعني؟ ?
تمام لما you did that في المقابلات interviews او تقييمات at university كان أيه was أيه reaction of the person in front of you ?
did he believe you الله؟ ولا؟
تمام تختار the last question is ممكن choose anything and try to persuade him with بيها؟ انت عايزها want
تمام ماشي well merci
thank you
okay can you .. you تحكيلنا us الأول الأول عن your background ?
where were اتولدت born ? where are you اصلا؟ اصلا؟
have you اتعلمت at a national or international school ? إنجليزي or arabic ?
your background بتاعتك general
okay what was your study about at university ? أيه was your major ?
و did you choose التخصص major ده؟ or when .. ? what .. what is this major i mean ? when did you التخصص يعني؟ ?
okay when امتى you choose حاسبات ومعلومات؟ ?
امتى حددت you حددت or feel that you want to do this كده؟
تمام how was your study ازاي؟
what do you study في الكمبيوتر؟ computer الكمبيوتر؟ hardware ? software ? how is it ?
what is your التخرج مشروع about ? لو you tell تحكيلنا about it ?
طيب لو you will be مستقبليا children مستقبليا the مستقبليا , would أولادك like to be enrolled in a national ولا an international school ? هتحب language would you like them تعلمهم learn ; إنجليزي ولا french or ألماني؟ ?
which لغة would هتحب هتحب your children to speak it عارفين بطلاقة ?
have أنت traveled مصر before ?
can you tell us أيه؟ where have you been ? .. كنت long have you stayed there ? او .. what 's the place that you remember that عجبك liked it very جدا and that you wanted to go there once more كمنظر عجبك really liked عجبك شكله there ?
when سافرت سافرت abroad , did you make friends ? if yes , are you still in contact أصلا؟
okay which place do you تزوره want to تروحه؟ تروحه؟
why did you choose europe especially why did n't you choose america ? why .. why .. is there anything specific نفسك wanted to see there ?
تمام لأ okay if you had فرصة chance to travel abroad for a job or a scholarship , would هتحب leave your work here ده؟ you هتحب stay here because you hate traveling in general ? عام؟
okay can you tell us عن the best trip in egypt that you really liked the most ? you can mention a place that you have visited in egypt where you had a great time there doing many activities .. and it كان interesting .
i will read you السؤال question as it هو ; would أنك rather be محبوب ولا respected ?
you like people when أكتر work معاك you ..
okay why ليه؟ can you tell me why you do n't ماتحبش the idea أن he باعمل this for you because he liked you so he 's going to make whatever you liked منى؟
why you ليه تفضل like to be respected more than anything else ?
do you feel that it 's difficult to deal with people of a مختلف؟ social level ? do you feel that you ca اتعامل deal with them ? do أنا feel أنا you want أتعامل choose a way هو هيفهمها can understand ? do you want to change your الموضوع or you speak spontaneously معاك؟
have you ever عملت in that situation in an evaluation at university or something and you عملت مثلا to talk عن a topic that مننا did n't really understand so you would start mentioning sophisticated expressions in بالإنجليزي okay so that the person in front of you would feel that قدامك understand تمام ? have you tried يعني، before ?
and what was his الفعل بتاعه؟ كان believed بتاعه؟ ولا he decided to ask you more questions to اعرف whether you فاهم ولا لا؟ لا؟
تمام طيب well can you live without a mobile ?
أزاي أزاي and you هتتواصل بنعملها كل on your mobile ? تقدر can you contact مع الناس ?
okay , here 's the last question برا، can you choose anything and persuade تقنعنا with ? anything like studying masters , traveling abroad or anything else that أنت want to اقنعنا us with ?
هو have n't told you what my project ماقلتلكش و supposedly , أنا do n't ماتعرفش عن ماتعرفش project is about so فلما نخلص explain اشرحلك to you , you 'll be able to know whether my project is useful or useless ?
yes , i did n't read as much papers as i read انا i knew how this influenced people ?
this المشروع is like a personality test that you can do or you can know how the شخصية in front of you acts through it أن this will influence the way .. تشوف see the person in front of you and how he بتأثر according to في way of speaking ? فبالنسبة research-wise , this is so واسعة ; it 's not limited at all .
تمام , you 're the one who should convince بتقنعني not i am انا one .
for me انا i do believe أن my المشروع بتاعي important .
you may be convinced but you do n't say حاجة .
انت kept بتسألني me questions but i see that 's it 's important so you were n't convinced فانت you did n't say anything that i .. can be convinced ?
plus this المشروع will be هيستخدم for .. if the agencies take a lot of money from منك to take something you need from you at شركات أنا i will make an تطبيق في بتحولهولك the text into an audio or convert an audio into a text غير تدفع anything because هو تطبيق will be تدفع متاح
فأعتقد i think ان ده would save money for you and ان you can تذاكر people .
did he think that انت اقتنعت convinced or not ?
شكرا
okay , shall we start by تقولنا us about your background بتاعتك؟
كإنت were you born ? منين؟ are you from منين؟
did you go to a قومية or an international school ?
english or arabic
the background in general
تمام
what 's the .. the major that you are studying at university .
when did you اخترت this major ده؟ when did you حاسيت ان انت will go for this major ?
كنت did you بتدرس ? mainly .. mainly what was your education about ?
what do you learn at university الجامعة؟
and .. can you tell us عن your bachelor project ?
are أنت married ?
تمام طيب , يعني in general would you love to enroll your children في قومية national ولا an international مدرسة ?
which first اللغة would you like يكونوا to learn ; french , english or german ألماني؟ which one do you like most ?
و words are you going to teach them first ? i mean which language will you use to عرفوها them ال .. the .. الكلمات الأساسية words ? what were .. they , for example ?
يعني when we asked people , most of them said إنه working الحياة is روتين يومي routine بشكل a very different way .. but when you were a student , you had your free time for three months and you do n't do anything except انت doing whatever you want .
so فيعني working life ممكن be better for you but how do you feel when it comes to the اليومي routine as you get up every day to go to work then you go back البيت، الشغل، ترجع some rest , eat then sleep to wake up early تصحي go to الشغل؟ ?
can you tell us if you have ever اشتغلت a part-time , دوام كلي تانية او if you have attended any internships when you were a طالب ? how was it in general ? have كنت بتعمل .. what was your duties .. في the internship or في work ?
okay , well which place did روحته like the روحته in egypt , in general ? would you like to visit تروحله place one more time because you liked how the المكان looked like that you liked البيئة البيئة هناك or the .. the .. و nature there و things like that ?
تمام أكتر okay which time did you feel that it 's a turning point in your حياتك that you used to بتفكر in certain way و then you started to think about the عكسها thing or something totally different . you were % بت .. you decided تخش enroll in this major or to join another جامعة and you تماما changed your تفكيرك .
what حصلت .. what 's الحاجة point that happened then .. how did it change your كشخصية يعني؟
do you بتحس that you want to change your way ? your way of تاني؟ ? do you need to deal with بأسلوب in بأسلوب different way ?
طيب , would أنك rather تكون liked or respected ?
in class or حياتك في general عامة،في البيت، at home or anything else حاجة؟
هل would like be تفضل و liked ?
okay , مرة when you were a student at university or even any other موقف .. when were in a شغل interview where كنت were talking about a topic that مش do n't understand that you ca n't speak فيه .. you do بتتكلم know it well so أنت decided to speak english وخلاص بتقول sophisticated expressions أن the person in front of you feel that okay you really understand everything then he will change الموضوع؟ topic ?
تمام
okay can you تعيش without a mobile ?
okay , the أخر question can you choose anything .. anything أنت are convinced with to أنت us مقتنع convinced ?
anything you want
ممكن example we can study for our masters ماجستير، we نسافر، travel , we نسافر نسافر , or anything else ?
ماشي , شكرا you
okay we can start with نبتدي تقولنا us بتاعتك your background
where are إنت منين ? where were إتولدت born ?
كنت you go to a national or an دولية؟ school ?
english , arabic , french فرنسي؟
i mean الخلفية background .
okay.when you were at university , what was your major ? and .. و why did إختارت choose this major ليه؟
إمتى did you choose this التخصص ? when did you decide that you will go for this التخصص ? why did you choose it ليه؟ إحكيلنا was دراستك study ? tell يعني .
okay , this is a curious question . إنت you regretted the decision of changing or you ماندمتش؟ n't ?
can you تحكيلنا us about your bachelor مشروع ? would بتاعك mind telling us about the التخرج هيبر ?
i يعني عرفنا knew what دول are and how they بتعمل ?
لأ
okay , do you like reading القراية؟
تمام , do n't تفتكره have a specific book in your mind أو can you remember this book right now ?
okay , well , do you like watching movies ?
تمام مثلا can you tell us مثلا أكتر favorite movie is , what 's its story ؟طيب how was it ? when did you watch it ? was مثلا english و arabic ?
yes , maybe ممكن brief story
after university , what 's your dream job إيه؟ what do you want تشتغل work ? .. why do you want this career in particular ? و will you choose it ?
okay , now we will discuss the place you want to live in and that 's it .
okay have you attended any internships او had a full-time or part-time job ? can you tell us about your duties إيه؟
okay when you look at your father 's الجامعية؟ , do you بتحب working life or university life ?
which one do you prefer even لو you do n't experience خبرة working life ? would أنهي feel that it will be more comfortable or better بالنسبالك؟ you بالنسبالك؟
okay , well if you would like to travel abroad , هتحب أماكن will كنت go for ? we have just mentioned في places that you want to visit or try or live there كده
which moment do you consider هي turning نقطة in حياتك حياتك , where خلتك changed تفكيرك mind regarding your major ? you have mentioned before that you changed your major but if you have other turning نقطة or even في same turning نقطة , how did this turning point change your شخصيتك ?
do you بتحب تشتغل in a team أو individually تشتغل anything on your own whether في university or at work ?
okay , well , do you find any بصعوبة when you deal مع people from a different social levels .. do you find it difficult that طريقتك؟ have to change your way طريقتك؟ you want to تغير the way you speak ?
what unique quality do you have in your شخصيتك that you like the most ، what do you بتحبها that you are .. أنت شاطر at ?
okay طيب did it happen قبل that you were talking to حد at the university or anywhere else , while في an interview or an evaluation , و you were بتتكلم a topic that you do not fully understand , or in an عارف where أنت do n't understand the project well , so you start talking كلام english و you use complicated words so the other person would think that you understand everything , and bye bye ?
and did he .. believe that or إنه felt that you were saying nonsense .. ؟
okay , can you live without a mobile ?
in general
can you تعيش without من mobile or can تقدر never hold your mobile ?
no , in general موبايل phone calls , mobile , internet and everything
طيب , here 's the last question . can you choose anything أنت persuade us with or anything that في into your mind و persuade us with بيها
for مثلا , persuade us إحنا travel .
for example .. i مقتنع not مقتنع to leave مش أسيب and أسافر abroad .
are you مقتنع to leave انت مقتنع and تسافر abroad ? for example
no , i .. traveled .. traveled abroad before and i have stayed أسبوعين months there but after أسبوعين weeks passed , i felt that i want to go مصر to egypt .
i .. i .. انا feel إن i am satisfied dealing مع الناس here when it comes to the way i interact with اعمله , hanging out or having fun .
life there was totally different .
so i feel that i am satisfied هنا .
thank you
can you tell us about your background ? where were أنتى born ? .. did كنتى go to a قومية or دولية؟ دولية؟ school ? was it english or arabic عربي؟ what languages can you speak ?
okay , well and .. و تخصص did you go for at جامعة ? أمتى did you choose this major ده؟ what was دراستك study about ده؟ how was it يعني؟
okay , well , since you 're supposed to أنت في the bachelor semester , can you tell us عن بتاعك؟ bachelor مشروع ?
okay انت what 's your dream job ? after university بتفكري have بتاعتك؟ thought what تخلصى want to be in the future .. أيه 's أيه dream job ليه؟ ليه did اختارتي choose this job ?
okay , can تحكيلنا tell us about the تدريبات that you have attended قبل or any part-time or دوام jobs that you have tried ?
okay , do بتحسي feel that it 's difficult بتتعاملى deal with people of a different social مستوى مختلف؟ you مابتعرفيش n't know how to deal with them and بتحتاجي need to change your way ?
طيب , have you ever tried this before when you were in an evaluation where you were talking about a topic that you did n't really understand so أنتى 're forced بتتكلمى speak بتتكلمى إنجليزي and to تقولى sophisticated words فانت أوى so that the person in front of you felt that you understood everything already so he said bravo bye bye ?
okay , can you live without a mobile ?
okay , the last thing is to choose something and persuade us بيها؟ بيها؟
okay , well , good , thank you
shall we start by تحكيلنا تحكيلنا عن your background منين؟ where are you منين؟ ? where اتولدت منين؟ born فين؟ .. did you go to a national or an international school ? was it english , عربي ولا french or deutsch ? what about بتاعتك الخلفية and your الدراسة ?
okay , you did n't say that اللغات school was .. teaching what languages هناك like english , فرنسي , deutsch ?
okay .. okay كده it comes to university الحياة , after دخلت university , which major did you choose ? why did you choose this تخصص إيه؟ when were you interested in this major ? why did you choose this in particular ? بتدرس is your study عن in عامة؟ عامة؟ what are you studying ?
when .. when did you decide this .. you قلت that there 's a .. after the أول year
طيب since you 're supposed to أنت in the bachelor الدراسي , can you tell us about your bachelor project ?
okay
تمام
okay , interesting
أو movie do you like the most ?
okay what 's .. ايه 's your dream job بعد university ? what do you want to work ? and why ?
okay , can you tell تحكيلنا about .. any internships that عملتها attended or any part-time او full-time job that اشتغلتها have worked recently during الدراسة يعني؟
okay .. are there any moments in your life that you consider تخش تحول point , مثلا خلتك changed your mind , went for تخصص major او for another university other than the one that you had chosen ? did you feel that في this النقطة , you actually turned all your thinking يعني؟
okay , when you were at university or at work , would you like working in فريق or you تحب like to handle the مشروع individually , working on your لوحدك؟ ?
okay , do you feel that you بتشوف an easy person تتكلم talk with or not .. or بتحتاجوا have to فترة the ice for some time ?
okay , do you find it difficult when you deal with people من different social level ? ca n't you deal تتعامل؟ them تتعامل؟ do you need to change the way you كلامك، or the way you treat تعاملك؟ ?
okay , okay , have you ever tried this before إن you were in an evaluation where كنت were talking about a topic that you did n't really understand so you 're forced to speak تتكلم إنجليزي and to say sophisticated words so that the person in front of you felt that okay you understood everything already so he said bravo bye bye عليك، have you done عملت كده؟ ?
تمام
okay
okay
طيب ممكن since إنك have convinced a friend of yours that you play playstation and صحبك do n't know how to play playstation at all or even مابتعرفش anything about it حاجة، ..
can you تختار anything و تقنعنا us بيها، , anything that comes into your mind or that you imagine to persuade us to do بيها؟
can you تقنعنا تقنعنا to travel more , to نسافر or بتعملها do anything else اكتر،
i .. i am أنا working on my project.i do n't have time for traveling .
okay نسافر do n't have enough time in الأجازة weekend to travel يعني we will spend half of the weekend في the road ،الأجازة
okay it takes سافرنا عشر hours رايح، travel , ten hours علشان علشان يوم؟ only ?
so we have سافرت for two days and have يبقى there for يومين؟ days يومين؟ are n't you going to sleep at that time ?
i اقتنعت convinced .
تمام , thank you .
shall we start by تقولنا تقولنا about بتاعتك background ?
where are you from ?
where were you اتولدت ?
did you go to a national or an international school دولية؟
which languages did you study ? عربي إنجليزي , ألماني؟ , فرنسي or deutsch ?
okay , what about university ? or i do مش .. do n't mean في الجامعة name that you have joined but what is your major ?
what was your study about ?
كان your التخرج project about ?
when did you choose this .. التخصص or this field ?
okay , when did you choose this .. this .. major you enrolled in ?
and what was your bachelor project about ?
تمام
تمام
طيب , مستقبليا the مستقبليا when .. لما عندك will get تتجوز and يكون children , هتحب school will you choose for them ; a قومية or an international school ?
would you like them تدخلهم go to an english , arabic , french or deutsch مدرسة ألماني؟
why would هتحب like to choose حاجة like that ?
okay but .. what language .. first language هتبقى you مهتم your children have in education , is بتاعهم english ?
okay , if you .. لو انت n't been .. have n't been a ta , what would have been your dream مدرس ايه؟
كنت 's نفسك dream job when you were young ?
okay , well , good
okay , ممكن you تحكيلنا تحكيلنا عن your حياتك at work في general كده؟ إنت you worked before in a different place whether it 's a كامل جزائي or part-time كده or did you attended any internships when you were .. were a student ?
تمام
okay when did حياتك feel that it 's a turning point ? you were بتفكر about something but now كنت are thinking about حاجة else خالص، how that اليوم or that الوقت influenced your life or changed your way of thinking in general .
okay
ليه do ليه بتختار دي؟ الناس ? what do you .. like about فيهم ?
that one who ? .. what does بيعمل do ?
some prefer that الناس have to لازم me في class then it 's up to you whether you تحب me او you do n't like تحترمني، it 's up to براحتك ,
some people يقولك no , i will make you like تحبني .
okay
okay
which trait do you prefer about yourself and you do n't want to change because you بتحبها this about yourself ?
which trait that makes you avoid him , if this person has this trait , you wo n't deal with him ? i can not أتعامل with a person like that .. that has this trait كذه،
okay , well , once when you were في تقييم evaluation or anything and .. and .. and you were بتتكلم about something that انت do n't understand إن اوي have to speak english and you have to say كبيرة words so that the person in front of you feel that you understood everything ?
طيب أوي , when you كنت a student at university and you had an تقييم and there was something that إنت did n't .. did مش .. .. did n't .. did n't .. study .. you did n't know it very well , what did you do at that time ?
okay , can you تعيش غير a mobile ?
no , أكيد i do n't have such skill هو i wo n't choose it to persuade اقنعك لأ do
okay , well , thank you .
طيب خلفيتك، shall we start تقوليلنا telling us about خلفيتك، background ? أنت are اتولدتي from منين؟ من .. .. were you born منين؟ كنت you go to a قومية or an international school ? were the اللغات at this school إنجليزي، , عربي ألماني، ، ألماني، or french , تحكيلنا us ?
okay , ماشي
okay , do you prefer تدخلي your بنتك in a national ولا دولية؟ international school ? which language would you بتفضل إيه؟ why do you think of this ده؟ i mean what .. why .. why are you interested in this ?
okay
قليلين are few .
okay , is there any moment that you consider انها turning point , و you totally changed your mind regarding something at حاجة point ?
تمام طيب , لو .. طيب when you were a student at university , or even .. now , would you like بتحبي work in a team or individually to handle everything on لوحدك؟ حاجة لوحدك؟
if you .. you .. i mean you .. someone .. we like someone ونحترمه we تحبك ونحترمه but that what you want in class ، for مثلا to be respected and وبعدين to be liked or not liked it 's up to you but i should be respected في class ، for مثلا , do you understand ?
no , maybe آه the .. the one who بتحترمه liked لازم يكون المحبوب but it 's not necessarily the one who is respected is liked .
okay طيب، do you .. بصعوبة any difficulties when you deal with ناس of different social level or when you talk with them ?
طيب ماشي، , well , which صفة in you that you are happy with و إنت wo n't change forever إنت you want it to last موجودة؟ موجودة؟
okay , well .. طيب have you tried being in an evaluation أو something when you were a طالبة or when you were studying master 's or anything but the evaluation or the topic that you were talking about you did n't understand very well so تقولي تقولي start speaking إنجليزي كلام difficult words just okay to pass this situation .. ?
okay well , can you live without موبايل؟ موبايل؟ ?
و طب و communication-wise , how can you get in تتواصلي with people without .. a mobile in حياتك؟ life ?
okay .. okay آخر thing can you choose anything you want and persuade us with بيها، أي that إنتي can بيها، متخيلها , maybe we can travel نسافر، or نكمل ممكن complete master 's , or anything ?
no , i got convinced . i am convinced in general .
okay ماشي، well , thank شكرا ماشي،
okay , can you tell us about your background ? where are you منين؟ ? اتولدت were you born ? و و .. كنت كنت go to قومية national or an international school ? were اللغات اللغات كانت إنجليزي، عربي، , french , deutsch or عربي، ألماني؟ ? what languages did بتاعتك؟ study there ?
okay إنت languages did you learn في most ? كان there any other languages other than english and arabic ?
okay , what .. what كان your bachelor project about ? how was your bachelor project ? can you tell us عنه it كده؟
okay ماشي، well , in the future , would you هتحب بتفكر enroll ولادك children in قومية national or an international school ? هتحب kind of school would you تدخل for تدخلهم english , french or deutsch ?
what will زي be كده؟ هتهتم ?
okay if you .. .. you were n't a ال , what أيه أحلامك؟ dream الماجستير after competing مدرس 's أحلامك؟
why do you want عايز go for this job ?
okay , مثلا can you تحكيلنا us about your .. your .. your full-time or part-time شغل that you have worked or internships that you have attended when you كانت a student ?
okay , do you prefer working life or student المهنية .. i mean you have to study and do things like that ده قصدي do n't have the routine of working المهنية؟ ?
okay , do you consider yourself an easy person to talk معاه .. and to break الحواجز ice with معاه؟ إن they should take two or three يومين for breaking ice in order to be able to talk with معاك؟ معاك؟
do you بتحس that إنت need % ت .. تغير change your way of speaking and you need % ت .. % ت to تتعامل them in a غير way that you did n't get used to عليها؟
social level as money-wise , as education-wise
what do you like بتحبها about yourself ?
حاجة trait do you want to have forever in you and you do n't want to change because you like this .. الصفة دي very much ?
okay , هقدر trait that people have that فيه you avoid interacting with them ?
i مش n't know .. مش n't know .. أكون can i أكون common things between me and him ?
okay .. okay what causes stress to you ?
أيه situation makes you feel that you إنت so stressed و أكتر do n't know what to do إيه؟
okay كان السؤال next question is how you get over this stress , so you answered جاوبت .
طيب ماشي have you tried this جربت before when you were in an evaluation or anywhere else .. .. و إنت do n't know what you are بتعمله so you would speak in english و say topics .. sophisticated مصطلحات فاهم that the person in front of you felt that you understood everything .
yes , sometimes we do this in the projects أو in the .. in the evaluation .
no , it 's not fake فيك
okay إنت you live without a موبايل؟ موبايل؟
why ?
why ليه؟ إيه 's its importance in حياتك؟ حياتك؟ ?
anything
phd completion , traveling , نقعد in egypt , or anything
طيب اصلا , shall we start by telling تقولنا عن your background ? where are you from ? where were you born ? where you born in egypt ?
did كنت go في قومية national or an international school ? was كنت english , arabic , deutsch or french ? what about your background and your study ? tell us
okay , well . what is your study at university about in general اكتر؟ what do you study ?
يعني mean .. mean , for example مثلا my التخصص بتاعي all about computer systems , computer software and وبرامج and so on .
what is your study mainly about ?
have كنت decided or made the decision يعني go for this major ده mechatronics ميكاترونكس؟
okay , well , can you tell تحكيلنا about your .. your bachelor project بتاعك؟
i usually visit my relatives on the weekends قرايبي
i يعني visit my relatives on the الأجازات because my parents are n't here in قرايبي . i am قاعد لوحدي، here in قرايبي، دايما، . i either visit my family or احيانا go to the النادي، or hang out with my friends once by the end تقريبا كل term .
okay , well .. can you tell us what your dream job would be بعد university ? و why .. why do نفسك want to go for this المنصب ?
okay , when نزلت have attended an internship for لمدة شهر , .. of course يعني، you have seen الناس who are working there such as engineers or العمال او whoever , how was your يعني، ? will you prefer the working life or the .. the student life or .. or .. ال .. اجازة and a three-month vacation and so on ?
تمام يعني actually , you will prefer working life , or not
okay , well , have you ever traveled abroad ?
, okay if you have the chance .. لو the chance to travel abroad for a scholarship or a job offer , would you make this decision or you want to stay here ?
okay well ماشي، the question is still .. لو you got an offer to جالكعرض abroad for a دراسية as you would learn without paying a lot of money او got an offer to work abroad , definitely , لما it 's an offer for an engineer , of course the salary would be فارق more فارق than that هنا in مصر، , would انت هتاخد this decision or not ?
okay is there في moment in حياتك life that you يعني a turning نقطة and that you بتفكر بتفكر في something , كنت were thinking of the major then you decided to change your mind .. and go for something else ?
okay would you تفضل تكون محبوب or تحترمك؟ تحترمك؟
do تحب like الناس do you حاجة favor because عشان respect you and that they have to do this or because they هم علشان and do this for you in order not to be annoyed or because they فعلا like you ?
تمام , well do you feel that نفسك are an easy person that people can talk with و .. ياخده along عليه quickly ولا you should take time for ice breaking then you can نتكلم and نقدر ناخد with one another ?
okay و do you find it difficult to deal with people من different social level ?
do you feel that you do n't know how ت .. talk معاهم them or you need to change your way and attitude as well as your way of speaking ?
okay , ايه makes you feel stressed و .. what بتخليك stressed و .. you feel that you تعملها a lot to do or كده .. so you feel ان انت are stressed ? what makes you be in such mood ?
the last question , can انت choose عايزها و persuade us of ?
it will come when you really want to do ما it 's not .. about the المهارات that you acquired at university , i will need more , انت can not do this , , انا will need to .. to help اساعدك with it فيها، and .. and the same time , i am doing something .. when i want to do something related to hardware , i can not continue it alone without you , for مثلا .
no man can serve two masters .
if i am مركز on what i am doing و انت are focused on what you are doing بتعمله، we will get the احسن result , right ?
exactly , however , both الآخر، by the النهاية، مكملين مهمين and compatible .
exactly
شكرا، شكرا، , شكرا
okay , تمام school was national or international ?
okay
what languages did you study at school english ولا فرنسي .. or ألماني or what ايه؟
when تحكيلنا were at university , you said that أنتي major , can you tell us about your major ? و بتاعك المشروع .. bachelor project
okay , can you تحكيلنا us about a فيلم ..
okay what about إنتي .. are انتي married ?
طيب in the المستقبل when .. you تدخلي يتعلموها your children to a school whether it 's national or international ? would هتحبي choose for them arabic , إنجليزي or french ? what would you be interested يتعلموها يتعلموها your بيها ?
طيب و it will be an ordinary قومية or international مدرسة ? okay , you can be in a private school but it could بس national or international ?
it في قومية national school but خاصة .
okay well , أنتي you مش انت مش .. were n't a teacher assistant now , what would be your dream وظيفة when بتاعتك were at university , what would you like تشتغلي إيه؟ إيه؟
طيب and .. and have you ever عملتي internships at university أو something حاجة؟
طيب now would you prefer الحياة working life or تفضلي want to be a طالبة again و you prefer the student life , university , assignments , tas , و at the same الوقت there 's a three-month vacation ?
why ?
okay do you consider yourself an سهل person to talk with ? is it easy .. or you محتاجة some time تعارف ice عشان to deal with people ? can you talk with them easily or they talk with you easily بسهولة؟
okay do you find it بتحسي في .. when you deal with people of different social level do you feel that it 's difficult or that you need to تغيري your way or the way كلامك act ?
what trait do you like most في yourself and أنتي you want بتحبيها نفسك it , you do n't need تفضلي change this .. this is what أنتي like ?
طيب أكتر what صفة makes you .. ignore الصفة person in front of you as أتعامل feel أنا you do n't want to deal مع this person ده has فيه such الصفة ?
طيب can you .. you tell تقوليلنا إيه what makes you feel مضغوطة the most and .. and uncomfortable ? what makes you feel nervous مرتاحة؟
تمام إزاي and how can you get over it ? how do you solve this ?
تمام ماشي , well have you tried being في أي situation in an evaluation or something and you were a طالبة و .. and then فإبتاديتي talked about a topic أنتي you did n't understand so تتكلمي spoke إنجليزي and used فإبتاديتي كلام words so that the person in front of قدامك would think , أنتي , you already understand فاهمة فخلاص let خلينا نعدي ال .. evaluation ?
okay have you ever felt this when you .. you were in an تقييم when a student did this in an evaluation and he فاهم to understand everything و actually he did n't فاهم anything ?
okay can you live without a mobile موبايل؟
yes
okay
تمام yes
okay
okay
طيب the last سؤال can you choose anything and persuade us of anything مثلا example completing نكمل research , masters or phd , anything according to your life experience choose anything and إقنعينا بيها، us of
تمام
okay thank you
okay shall نبتدي start by telling us about your background , where are you from ? أنت were you born ? and .. and مدرستك school was national or international ? what اللغات were there english إنجليزي، عربي، , deutsch , french ? after that جامعتك، what about your university ? i mean give give us a background عنك؟ you ?
okay and you اصلا 's your major and why did بتاعتك اخترت التخصص التخصص ?
طيب أنت have you known that you ناوي join حاسبات ومعلومات or have you decided to دخلت university ? i mean when you were في the ثانوية secondary did you feel انه .. او were looking for joining حاسبات science ?
okay can you tell us عن bachelor project what is your bachelor project about .. i mean give us موجز brief about it عنه؟
okay can you tell us أيه the hobbies that you have or if you have specific hobbies that you practice في your free وقت يعني؟
okay do you have a favorite quote or .. or مقولة معينة مقولة مقولة that تفتكر usually remember ?
طيب انت do تتفرج like watching أفلام؟ ?
okay can you تقولنا us a فيلم that you بتحبه what 's قصته story or what does it talk ايه، a movie that you remember and that it 's always in دماغك mind ?
okay في المستقبل future have your ever thought about this .. would you enroll your children to a school whether it 's national ولا international ? would you choose for them a school that teaches عربي , english , french ولا .. or deutsch ?
okay have you traveled مصر before كده؟
which place do you really want تزوره go .. want نفسك visit ?
طيب و if أنت got the فرصة to travel abroad for a job offer or a scholarship to تدرس abroad ان لو you made this القرار or you want تدرس stay here هنا؟
okay do انت consider yourself an سهل person يحصل talk with و هم need time for ice breaking so that تتكلموا؟ can تتكلموا؟ تتكلموا؟
okay do you find it بتيجي when you بتتعامل with people من different social مستوى whether it 's a lower or higher level , do you feel that you محتاج تغير change your way , do you want تغير change your way of speaking or something ?
okay what trait do .. you like about yourself that you want بتحبها to تفضل forever and انا you do n't want to تتغير عايزها at all ?
okay can you live without a موبايل and .. و قولنا us يعني؟ in both cases ?
okay last question سؤال، can you مقتنع anything و persuade us of ?
thank you
okay ممكن can نبتدى نبتدى بتاعتك telling بتاعتك about your background , where do you come from منين ومدرستك did ومدرستك go to a national or international school دولية؟
okay طيب و .. و after school , أنتى you دخلتى to university , what was the major ?
تمام
okay well what was your study about عامة university what were كنتوا studying ?
okay مثلا can you tell us about your masters and your bachelor project i يعنى how your تعليمك career went after that كده؟
okay are you currently working on ماجستير؟ 's ماجستير؟
okay is تمام topic موجود؟ ? would you love to tell us about it عنه؟
okay
okay .. are you going تدخليهم تدخليهم your children in قومية national or دولية؟ international school in المستقبل future ? هتخليهم language will they be focusing عليها at school دولية؟ what will be يركزوا first language ? english , ولا french or deutsch or any other لغة like japanese for example ?
okay well بس .. هنا in egypt مافيش are n't a lot of يابانية schools for example ..
okay
if you were n't مساعد teacher assistant or مساعد lecturer assistant كنتى would be your dream job إيه؟ وكنتى why would you choose this كده؟
okay can تحكيلنا تحكيلنا us عن .. عن internships that you attended or any full-time or part-time jobs that you worked .. .. what were you doing ?
تمام طيب .. after you have ماخلصتى university would you prefer the working life ولا the student life و .. and that you have to study but at the same time انتى have أجازة three-month vacation and a يعني؟ وحياة ?
okay أبدا which trait do you like about yourself and you want it to last موجودة إن you تتغير never change you want to have it forever ?
okay
اه
ايوة why ?
i mean that .
okay انتى makes you feel .. stressed مضغوطة؟ what makes you feel stressed or nervous ?
okay و .. and إزاى do you handle .. this الضغط ? how do you بتتعاملى with this how do you treat yourself how do you تعدى over this ?
تمام طيب when you were a student have قدامك tried speaking in an evaluation about something that you do n't بتتكلمى تقييم so you say sophisticated words and speak تتكلمى english so that the person in front of you believe that تتكلمى really understand then he will say bye باي باي and leave
okay for example , when we were students and were تقييم an evaluation وكلام when i did n't really understand this part , أتكلم started speaking وكلام english so that .. the person in front of me was okay saying that i did understand everything because i mentioned sophisticated مصطلحات و bye bye have أنتى tried to do this كده
okay
yes
okay can you live without a mobile ?
no i mean that you تعيشى without موبايل mobile مش do n't mean that you stay for one ساعة without a mobile let 's say that you تعقدى a month without موبايل mobile
why ?
do فى you feel that it 's important to communicate with الناس؟ الناس؟ تتواصلى communicate مع your family ? to communicate مع your friends صحابك؟ and if من 's social media , you can know الأخبار news and كل . or ولا ..
okay last question please can you عايزاه anything and persuade وتقنعينا of ?
تمام
okay شكرا you
طيب shall نبتدي نبتدي by telling us about your background ، where are you from ? where were you born ? and .. انت your school was national or international ?
where are أصلا from منين؟
where were you born كده؟
what languages did you study at school ?
تمام ماشي well did you study any other languages that you بتاخدي as a second language other than français ?
طيب after that when it comes to education career when دخلتي joined university what تخصص did دخلتي choose ?
and why did you choose this التخصص ?
okay حسيتي when did you feel that انت like this major ?
when you were in الأي general secondary or في ig جي did you feel that you wanted تخشي go for computer ومعلومات، , عجبك عجبك like وكده ؟
okay what was your bachelor مشروع about ايه؟
if you are ماجستير on your masters , can you tell us about that عنها؟
تمام انت انت do you have a favorite quote that you usually remember ?
okay i guess that your daughter is still young and she has n't مادخلتش to school yet
okay ان about خطتك خطتك are you going to enroll her in a national ولا an دولية؟ school ?
are you planning to تدخليها تدخليها in a school that teaches english , فرنسي or deutsch or إيه ?
تمام
what كان it ?
why were you ليه about being a wedding planner ?
طيب انت have n't you traveled abroad قبل ?
تمام طيب well can you tell لنا about the places that you روحتيها for example the مميز remarkable scene that you can still remember and you هتنسيه هتنسيه forget ؟
okay which place do نفسك really want to ليه ?
تمام well
okay what if you got فرصة chance to ..
so why ?
طيب دلوقت if you had the chance to تسافري abroad as a عمل offer or a scholarship would you prefer that or هتفضلي would هتفضلي here ?
okay what if you حسيتى that في يوم supposedly فقدرتوا got an offer for ليكي and your husband to be able تسافروا travel and start living حياتكوا
can تحكي تحكي us about a مكان you visited in مصر that you like the most وعجبك
a visit that you will never forget ?
okay do you have a مثل model in your حياتك you do n't have to mention a role model for all fields but you can just mention one in كل field في example in life or at home such مثلا your father and mother and another مثلا model at work في different fields مختلفة؟
yes
okay do بتعتبري consider نفسك نفسك easy person to تتكلم معاه أو you need some time for ice breaking so that you can have time to get along على people and talk to them تتكلموا؟ or it 's very easy to talk with you .. to talk with معاكي من the أول day .
تمام
okay
okay do بتحسي find it difficult when you deal with ناس من different social مستوى أن انت need to تغيري your way ? your way of speaking كلامك؟ أسلوبك؟ your attitude or something ?
okay
okay what trait do .. أكتر like about بتحسي بيها and أنا هو happy with .. that you want it to تبقى forever and that you do n't want to change it at all ?
okay
هقدر trait makes you avoid people because it هقدر be difficult بالنسبة you to deal with people that have such trait ?
okay what makes you feel .. متوترة شايلة يعني what makes you feel worried or nervous ?
okay and how do you handle مع ?
ازاي do you deal with this ?
طيب، , ممكن we start by telling us عن your background ? where are you from ? where were you born ? did you go to a national or an international school ? were the languages at this school english ولا arabic , فرنسي or deutsch or what ?
okay , what was the .. the language بتاعتها أنت school ?
طيب، طيب، بعد joining الجامعة , كده major and .. and when did أختارت choose التخصص major أو when did you decide this major ده؟
okay , can you tell تحكيلنا about دراستك study at university what was it about can you tell بتاعك about أيه؟ topic of your bachelor مشروع ?
what was it عن ايه؟
تمام طيب، , have you سافرت abroad ?
okay طيب well .. which place do you really تزوره، to visit , do you want to تسافرله تسافرله place outside egypt ?
okay , well . if you had the chance to travel abroad for a دراسية عمل or منحة دراسية أو something , would you make this decision ? if yes , would you .. you do this without تفكير كده؟
طيب، , can you تحكيلنا تحكيلنا about .. about .. about .. a مصر that you have visited هنا in egypt or a remarkable place for you that you liked و enjoyed the بتعملها there .. activities that you did there ?
okay
okay , and .. and in general do you prefer تشتغل individually or in a team and why ده؟
طيب، , do you consider نفسك محتاجين easy شخص to talk with .. or هم need time for ice breaking first then you can talk together ?
طيب، , do بتحس find it بصعوبة في التعامل deal with people من different اجتماعي level ? do you feel need تغير تغير your way , your words or the way كلامك treat them ?
okay , can تقولنا tell us about a trait أنت you بتحبها the most about نفسك، , i يعني it 's a صفة انت you feel that عايزها do n't want to change بتحبها ?
okay طيب، what trait that makes you ignore في الشخص in front of you because you ca n't accept تتقبلها، , if a person has this trait , you can not deal with him معاه؟
okay have you جربت جربت in an evaluation او something , and you are talking about something that you do n't really understand so انت start تتكلم إنجليزي and you say sophisticated words so it will be okay و the situation will pass so the person in front of you says that you really understand everything and it يعنى؟ over ?
okay , can you live without a mobile or تقدر can not and ليه؟ ?
طيب، طيب، the أخر question سؤال، can you choose anything .. anything and persuade us of ? anything you can see and you are persuaded of and you will make make us نقتنع نقتنع بيها؟
okay , well , shall we start by telling us about your background بتاعتك، where are انتى from ? where were you born ? did you got to a قومية or an دولية school ? وكنت it teach english , فرنسي , or deutsch ?
okay , well , can you tell us about your university , what was your تخصص ? كنت did كنت study , for example ? what about بتاعتك التخرج project ?
أنتى you .. you traveled قبل regardless of التدريب؟ internship ? have you gone to any other place ?
okay can تحكيلنا tell us about the experience that you gain from your visits , يعنى يعنى what كان the difference between thailand , malaysia عن paris ?
okay .. what كان مميز most remarkable scene when you visited those المكان ? which place makes you very happy that you felt that you wanted to go there and you will still remember دايما forever .
و if .. you got the chance to travel برا، for a job offer أو a scholarship , would you make this decision ولا you would say that you أفكر think about it or to أقعد هنا؟ هنا؟
have you سافرتى inside egypt a lot ?
طيب did you ever feel like this is a تحول point in your life ? that you changed your way تفكيرك بتفكري after that point ?
okay , well would you بتحبى تشتغلى work at university او in عامة you would like to work in a team ولا you تحبى to work لوحدك؟ ?
تمام ماشي well and if you انت in a team and .. and a member of this team was longer motivated at all and he was irritate , can you تتصرفى with مثلا situation or you ca n't .. can you encourage him ?
تمام
طيب what makes you feel stressed ?
تمام ازاي , how do you deal with this ? or how do بتتعاملي handle this stress ?
okay well have you ever tried talking about a topic that you do n't بتتكلمي understand و you have decided to فتتكلمي بقى english and to تتكلمي بتاع كلام يعني so that the one in front of you realizes that تتكلمي really understand everything ?
what was the reaction of اللى person in front قدامك you ? كان he بيقتنع ولا he بيقولك you that you were saying nonsense بتحوري؟
okay can تعيشي live غير a موبايل ?
ليه؟ ?
okay the last question can you تختاري anything و persuade us of ?
but for example مثلا شهادات و things like كده
nobody would accept me to work as a tv presenter because أنا do n't have مذيع certificate
okay , شكرا you
okay , shall we start by telling us about your background ? where are you from ? where were you أصلا ? did you go to a national ولا an international مدرسة دولية؟ was the language كت إنجليزي , french or ألماني؟ and so on ?
okay well and can you tell us about your التعليم for example the .. the university ? what was your تخصص ?
and .. and what were you بتدرسى for example and .. and what was بتاعك bachelor project about ?
well what was your الدراسة about غير في .. your project ? what were the specific عامة that كنتي studied ?
okay , have you بتفكرى to go for طيب
you .. or عندك عندك a daughter
a son , okay
are you planning to enroll ابنك son in a national ولا an international school دولية؟ what language will you go for .. and what language will هو focus on ومهتمة ومهتمة in teaching يتعلمها دولية؟
okay in what language do you .. بتعلميهاله بتعلميهاله ال ب .. first لغة؟ لغة؟
هو old is he now .. now ?
okay have you .. you سافرتى anywhere else .. other than the place where you took the course ?
okay
okay which مكان do you like the most and you want to visit it جدا أن you usually like going there and you like this place very أبدا؟ ودايما you will never forget ?
okay is there any specific place that you want to visit ? that you wish to travel ?
okay
okay ان if أنتى got the فرصة to .. to travel abroad for a عمل offer أو a scholarship , would you take the chance or not in حالة you are alone or in case you are with your family .
okay
okay a moment that you consider a turning نقطة in your حياتك وحسيتى where أنه .. your way of thinking changed at that time ?
okay , do you بتعتبرى yourself an easy شخص to talk with or علشان need time for ice تعارف؟ ?
okay , what trait do you like صفة much about yourself فى ومش you do n't want to change it ?
okay what صفة makes you ignore people إن قدامك wo n't تتعاملى with them again ?
تمام
okay have you tried being in تقييم situation like موقف تقييم أو something and تقولى بتتكلمى about a موضوع that you do n't understand well كويس you start speaking in english saying sophisticated words because فاهم the person in front of you says that you خلاص everything and it will يعدي؟ ?
okay
okay , well what was the reaction of the person in front of you قدامك؟ كان he believe ده or not ..
طيب , can you live without a mobile ?
why ?
okay , well as for the last حلوة , choose anything and persuade us بيها ; anything you are persuaded بيها and أنت will let وتقوليلنا do it أو persuade us that it 's really and أنت we should be persuaded of
okay , thank you
okay , shall we start بتاعتك telling تعرفنا about your الخلفية ? أنت are أنت from ? من were you born ? .. did you go to a قومية or an international المدرسة ? was it english , arabic , فرنسي or deutsch ?
okay after the .. the education , what about your career ?
which جامعة did you join ? which major did you choose ? when did you choose this التخصص ? and when did you feel that you want to تخشه؟ for تخشه؟ major تخشه؟
okay , well , can تحكيلنا tell us about your bachelor project and the masters later on so what كانت the topic about actually ?
okay and what الماجستير؟ master 's ?
okay , have you traveled before for a job or having fun ?
can you tell us عن the places that you visits and which place do you you like the most that you want to سفرتها again and نفسك will remember it دايما ?
okay و well , if you got the chance تسافر travel abroad for a كعرض offer or a scholarship , would you تاخد this القرار or ولا ? and why would you make it quickly and why would you say no ?
طيب أيه and أيه place do you want to travel ?
okay can you tell us about .. about a place that you have visited in egypt where you عملت many activities there و you had fun ?
okay
okay , do you بتعتبر yourself a difficult person to talk with or ولا .. not it 's easy to talk with الناس i يعنى do you need time for ice breaking or it 's easy for الناس to تكلمك with تكلمك easily ?
okay , well , what trait makes you ignore people that you wo هتقبل accept them or deal with them ?
تمام طيب , well , have you tried جربت in an evaluation or an مقابلة and .. .. and فإنت discuss a موضوع that أنت do n't really understand so تتكلم start speaking in english saying sophisticated words قبل to pass the interview and the .. the .. the evaluation ده يعدى؟ ?
okay
okay
as for أخر last حاجة , choose anything and persuade us of ?
anything حاجة، anything that you .. you see و be persuaded بيها and حاسس feel that we .. i mean you are persuaded of .. it 's not necessarily to be something academic or for fun anything funny , مضحكة ممكن تبقى anything .
thank you
okay , shall we start by telling us about your background ? where are بتاعتك from ?
and .. and did you go to a national or an international مدرسة ? what were the languages there ; french , deutsch or إنجليزي ولا what ايه؟
okay , بعد that , when it comes to المسار التعليمي career , which major did you choose ? and why did you أختارتى التخصص التخصص ? and أمتى did you feel أن أنتى want تروحي go for this major ?
okay مثلا، can you tell us about your bachelor project , what was it about ? و لو you started preparing for masters , can you tell us what is the topic of أيه masters ?
طيب , what was your dream job and كنتى were بتاعتك interested in this .. المهنة job ?
okay , can you tell us about أى previous part-time or full-time شغل or internship that you had during الجامعة و can you tell تحكيلنا how was it ?
تمام طيب , well , do هل prefer the working life or university life كطالبة؟ a كطالبة؟ ?
okay
okay , have أنتى traveled مصر قبل ?
okay طيب among the places that you traveled , which place did you like the most and you want to visit it again تانى، a مكان you will أنتى forget ?
do you feel أن محتاجة want to change your way ? do you feel that you can not deal with them تتعاملى؟ or that you are not comfortable ?
okay and what trait makes do you like most في yourself انتي you do n't بتحبيها to change at all ? you think عايزاها 's good and you want to keep it forever ?
okay , what trait makes you ignore الشخص و if موجودة have such trait أو you wo n't accept تتقبلي .. you wo n't know how to تقبليه تقبليه and deal with معاه؟ ?
okay , have you tried being in .. في an interview or an مقابلة و you speak إنجليزي saying تتكلمى words because you are تتكلمى a topic أنتى أنتى do n't really كبير so you start تقولى get out من this situation by doing this و تقولى sophisticates words so that يحس person in front of you feel that you really فاهمة؟ فاهمة؟
can you live غير a موبايل and if yes , why and if no , why ليه؟
as for the last سؤال , choose anything و persuade تختارى of , you ممكن حاجة أن us to complete masters , to travel , أن stay here نقعد، أن join .. or to be tas مساعد، anything .
well , ماشى , thank you
طيب , ممكن we نبتدي أن telling us about your background ? and .. and where are you أصلا؟ فين؟ where were you born ? .. did you go to قومية national or لا international school ? was it english , عربي و فرنسي or ألماني؟ ?
okay , after that , when it comes to your education مسار , after joining university , which تخصص did you choose ? when did you decide to go for this major ده؟
تمام , then generally , أيه؟ was your study about ? what did study in computer science ? what was your التخرج مشروع عنه؟ ?
and .. and after that did you complete masters ?
have you ever traveled مصر apart from the .. the bachelor project ?
okay , can you tell تحكيلنا about الخبرة experience , how was it ? which place did أزاي أزاي most ? و you liked .. كانت to go there again and you will still remember that place forever دايما؟
can you tell us about the experience of السفر in general و which مكان will you still remember و you always want to go there again , this المكان يعني in your memory that you will never forget . it looked great .
و place did you like when you سافرت and you want to go there again as you remember this place very well ?
and .. what if you جاتلك the chance to travel abroad for a scholarship or a job عرض , would you take this القرار ?
okay
okay , do أنت بتعتبر نفسك an easy person to talk with or محتاجين تتكلم time for ice breaking بينكوا؟
طيب , do you find if بصعوبة when you deal مع people of a different social level , whether it 's higher or lower ? do you feel that you want to change your way and your كلامك؟ ?
okay
okay , هقدر trait makes you ignore الشخص and if people have such trait , you wo n't deal معاه، them and you ca n't أتعامل with them ?
okay
طيب what makes بتخليك stressed و nervous ?
okay طيبذ have you tried تكون in .. in an interview or an evaluation at university discussing a topic that تبقى do n't really understand so you speak تتكلم english saying sophisticated words just to pass مقابلة interview or the .. ال situation يعدى؟ ?
okay , can you تعيش without a mobile موبايل؟
okay , as for the last question , can you تختار أي to persuade us of بيها؟ أي that comes into your mind and you are persuaded of , whether it 's traveling , masters , working or anything ?
okay , shall we start بتاعتك، talking about your background ? where are you from ? did you تعرفنا في a قومية or an international school ? what were the languages taught at school ? إنجليزي فرنسي or french or deutsch ?
okay , well , after that , when it comes to your التعليم مسار بتاعك which تخصص did you choose إيه؟ and .. and why did اختارت choose this التخصص ? وامتى did you decide that أنت want to go for ال .. التخصص التخصص ده؟ ده؟
okay , can you tell تحكيلنا about your .. study ? what do بتاعتك الدراسة in general at الجامعة و .. and what is your bachelor مشروع about .. what is it إيه؟
طيب , can you tell us about your daily routine ? what do you do after getting up في the الإسبوع ? how does your day go إزاى؟
okay , what are .. are your hobbies ? what are you بتحب in doing ? listening to music ، watching movies , playing , what are your hobbies ?
okay , well , do you like listening to songs ?
okay , do تسمع like listening to arabic or english إنجليزي؟ و example مثلا tell أحكيلنا .. tell me about أغنيتك favorite اغاني or your favorite singer .
okay , well do you like watching أفلام؟ أفلام؟
okay طيب can you tell us about a فيلم that you like and ممكن you تقول us its story سريعا؟ ?
okay انت بعد university , what about your career job ? what تكون job do نفسك want أيه؟ what do you want to work حاجة؟
أكتر really want to work in coding أشتغلها should n't be related في .. to management and i do n't want to lead a فريق . i just want بتعامل بتعامل on the ناس on my laptop doing everything في if it 's not working , أحاول هو fix it يعني
okay , well , after بتحب working الحياة , what would عندك تفضل working المهنية or .. or الطلاب life at university و .. and having a three-month vacation ?
okay , have you traveled مصر before ?
طيب مثلا , can you tell me what were كنت doing there and .. what المكان تعمل like most and you want to مسافر it again ?
okay , if أنت got الفرصة chance تسافر travel abroad for a عمل offer أو بمنحة scholarship , would you prefer this or you would want to تعقد هنا ?
okay طيب is there a وقت in your life that you consider a turning point , where your طريقة of thinking اتغيرت؟ ?
okay , do you like working in teams or تشتغل like تشتغل لوحدك؟ لوحدك؟
تمام ليه؟ , why لو although you can handle everything individually الدنيا لوحدك هتبقى be هتتعامل of بكل regarding the project .
okay , in general , do you have a role model , it يكون n't necessarily to be an absolute role model ? but you can have a specific role model in ال .. a specific field في .. in life ?
طيب , there is a question . would أنك rather تكون محبوب or respected ? و why ?
but sometimes , الأوقات will هتحس انت it 's impossible .. impossible تعجب liked by everyone أكيد definitely , أكيد everyone will agree on you . الشخص may tell you that i .. i like him أو love him and another واحد will say no , opinions will be هتختلف .
طيب , do you consider yourself an easy شخص to talk with or they need وقت for ice breaking to تتكلموا able تتكلموا تتكلموا with you ?
طيب قدامك .. في trait that makes you ignore the شخص in front of you and you تقبله not deal with him or even تقبله him
okay , well , what makes you بتخليك مضغوط؟ ?
how وإزاي you handle مع ? do you have an idea .. بتعمل to do in general لما you مضغوط stressed ?
okay , have you tried discussing a topic in an evaluation or an interview as you do n't understand this topic very well so فإنت تبتدي تقول in english saying sophisticated words علشان that التقييم interview أو the التقييم will pass و .. and the one in front of قدامك will feel that you understand everything خلاص؟
okay و and كان رد reaction of the person in front of you ?
okay , did that person believe that or .. بيمسك focused في the الأسئلة؟ الأسئلة؟
okay , can you live غير a mobile ?
why , what 's its أهميته ؟
okay , as for the last question بيها، can you choose anything و .. and persuade تقنعني of ? anything you want or anything you أنت persuaded of such as traveling , staying أقعد، , studying master 's or working or حاجة؟ ?
تمام ماشي , well , thank you
okay , shall we start by تقولنا us about your الخلفية ? where are you from ? did you go to a national or an international school ? what was الخلفية اللغة بتاعتها english , arabic or french or what else إيه؟
okay you are egyptian and you كنت born in cairo ?
okay , well .. well و after university .. which major did you دخلت ? and .. and why did أختارت choose this major ? or why were you interested in this ?
okay , can you tell us عن the other الخطط such as الخطة a that عندك used to have , for example مثلا؟
تمام but what .. i mean ال .. what makes you feel that it will be difficult and why did n't you join the تمثيل institute أو something كده؟
i أنا n't know what .. what is included there .. why did n't you take the track بتاع acting or directing as you would learn تمثيل and directing and study تمثيل و acting .. ال .. you will grow .. i mean what makes you feel that it would be difficult or it 's not guaranteed ?
okay did you decide the تخصص of engineering يعني you did n't know that you would choose this ?
okay , have you traveled مصر before ?
و مثلا، , can تحكيلنا tell سافرت where did you travel فين؟ what did you do ? which place كنت you like the most ?
okay , is there any في place that you تروحه، to visit تروحه، نفسك you wish to travel to it له؟
okay , well , what if you got .. فرصة the فرصة to .. تسافر travel for a job offer or a scholarship , would you make this decision or ولا لأ؟ و would you think of while making this decision ?
طيب , do you consider yourself an easy شخص that people can talk with or محتاج need time for ice breaking ?
okay , which trait do you like about yourself and بتحبها that you want تفضل have forever without any changes ?
okay , which هي makes أكتر ignore people أن you can not deal في them معاه؟
okay have تقديمي tried being in an عرض at university or in general في a presentation at school or something and you discuss a topic that you do n't really understand so you start تتكلم in english or فرنسي saying sophisticated words so that الموضوع person in front of you feels that أنت understand everything و الموضوع will pass .
تمام
okay , what was their reaction ? did بتاعهم يعني؟ .. believe what you said and حسوا that you really understand or not ?
طيب , can أنت live without موبايل؟ موبايل؟ ?
why ليه؟
okay , as for the last question , can you choose anything .. و تقنعنا persuade تقنعنا of ? أي that you are persuaded بيها to make us be persuaded بيها؟
شكرا you
okay , shall we start by تقوليلنا us about تقوليلنا background ? where are أنتي from ? كنتي you تقوليلنا في a national or دولية؟ international school ? was it english , french or ألماني؟ ? tell us عن your start .
طيب، يعني , انتي اصلا you from ? where مولودة you born ?
in cairo تمام
okay بعد school , دخلتي had دخلتي university , which major did you choose ? when did you decide to go for this major and أيه makes you حببك in التخصص major فيه؟
okay this .. this has to do with joining university , but why did ليه choose engineering i mean why did n't you مادخلتيش pharmacy , why did n't مادخلتيش join تطبيقية؟ arts ?
okay
i يعني you have chosen engineering not by exclusion , that you said no to this , and that .
okay
okay تمام، well .. طب أيه، did أنتي تخشي which .. انت major you wanted .. i يعني what are تتخصصي going to تتخصصي majored in or you still do n't know ?
و what makes interested in mechatronics ميكاترونكس؟ what makes أنتي like met , for مثلا؟ ?
okay , well
تمام طيب , well , are you مخططة بعد that , for example , after .. ال .. الجامعة to complete masters at one or you .. you تسافري or تشتغلي at once ولا أنتي still do n't عارفة؟ ?
okay
okay
تمام
okay , have you .. worked before في an منظمة or joined a scout for مثلا or .. or mag or something .
okay مثلا، what about ال role , what were you doing ? ممكن you tell us about this الفترة ?
only بس
okay what were you doing في .. في .. in the scout ? did كنتي attend any sessions or any camps ?
okay , well , according to .. to .. to the short period of الفترة when you worked in such المنظمات , do you prefer تبقى a student that studies and takes a three-month أجازة or you prefer working and .. و .. and you تبقى responsibilities other than university و studying ?
تمام بس after الجامعة، , will you have an official شغل، .. job , for example , if you were a بابا or mother كده، فإنتي you prefer .. prefer المهنية life or university الجامعية؟
okay , well , have سافرتي ever سافرتي مصر ?
okay , أيه place أيه you want to visit , نفسك want تسافريله؟ travel to ?
okay , well , can you tell تحكيلنا about a place that you visited هنا in egypt where you liked the activities that you did , which landscapes did you like ?
okay , well , لو you جاتلك the chance تسافري تسافري as you did before , if جاتلك got the chance to تسافري for a دراسية or a job offer and .. and you should travel and leave everything , would you do هنا or not و ليه؟ ليه؟
ماشي تيجى، for sure , you would travel then come back أجازات، هتيجي would have vacations but .. your job is based هناك، , يعني mean you can stay there for three او four شهور then you come and stay two أسبوعين، here , تلت or four months there and two weeks here
would you accept this ده؟
but for example , لو you أشتغلتي هناك and worked and your salary became high then you come هنا to work كبر egypt and you found that your المرتب was a quarter بتاعك the previous salary الربع، would فانتي go هترجعي؟ there ?
by النهاية end ما هو and come and it 's okay as this is ده اختيارك but still there some factors that influence you .
أنتي if you came back , you wo n't be in the same value or position .
okay , do أنتي بتعتبري yourself an easy person that people تتكلم talk with و you need time للتعارف ice للتعارف as they need time to talk معاكي؟ معاكي؟ ?
okay , well , does it sometimes cause any .. any مشاكل؟ ?
okay , well , do you find any بصعوبة when بتتعاملي بتتعاملي with people from a different social المستوى , أذا it كان higher أو أعلى؟ ?
okay but for example مثلا when you deal with people من a lower social level as you mostly speak english and they do n't understand you so they will be frustrated .
okay , which أيه do you like the most في yourself and you do n't want to تتغير it forever because it 's good and you like it ?
okay موجودة،لأ well which trait that makes you موجودة،لأ people in front of قدامك that you can not أتعامل with them معاه؟
okay what makes you stressed , nervous and .. بتخليكي uncomfortable ?
okay , و how do you overcome this stress and how do you deal with this أزاى؟
okay , well , have you tried talking in an مقابلة or في .. في a عرض في school or anywhere else that you speak about a topic فاهمة أنتي do n't understand so speak تتكلمي english or فرنساوي so that يحس person in front of you feels that you understand okay , then the situation يعدى؟ pass ?
طيب أنتي can you live without a mobile ?
okay , as for أخر last question , can you choose anything and .. and persuade us of بيها؟ anything you want or anything like completing your study , traveling or staying here هنا؟ أنتي you مقتنعة ان family comes أهم ?
merci
okay , shall we start by telling us about your background ? أنت are you منين؟ ? did كنت go to a national or an دولية؟ school and what were the languages فيها؟ ?
تمام well .. و after had joined الجامعة , أيه؟ تخصص did you choose ? and .. and .. and why did you choose التخصص major ? أمتى did you feel that you like this major ?
okay طيب، can you tell us what topics do you study .. at university , يعني 's your دراستك mainly about ?
okay , can you tell us about the projects that you did أيه how were it ?
okay , well , can you tell you us how أنت start your daily routine , what do you بتعمل do في the اليوم الأسبوع ?
okay , what do you do in the الأجازات الأسبوعية أيه؟
okay , can تحكيلنا tell تحكيلنا about its topic or it 's story قصته؟
okay , have you thought before , for example , in the المستقبل , would you like تدخل enroll your children in a قومية و an international school .. هتكون language would you like to teach them ?
if كنت worked قبل , what were you doing and what كان شغلك job عملته ?
okay , أنت you consider yourself an easy person that people talk with and get along with you or they need long كبير للتعارف ice يعنى؟ ?
okay , do you find any difficulties when you deal with people من مختلف؟ social level ? do بتحس feel that you can not تتعامل with them , do you محتاج to change your way ?
okay , which trait do you like the most about yourself و و you want it تبقى last forever without any changes خالص؟
طب دى؟ , which trait makes قدامك ignore شخص that you can not أتعامل في معاه، and it 's صعب for you to deal with this .. الصفة الصفة ?
طيب what .. what did أكتر parents حاجه you for بتقولك that you should stop this ده؟
okay , what do you feel weird about yourself ?
okay , well , have you tried being in an evaluation or an interview في .. .. and you discuss a topic that you do n't really understand so تتكلم start speaking in إنجليزي saying sophisticated words just to من this situation or you have n't done this كده؟
okay , what was أيه reaction of the person in front of you , did he believe that , was أنت convinced or not and he felt that you are saying nonsense ?
okay , can أنت تعيش غير a mobile و لو yes , why ? ليه؟ no , ليه؟ ?
طيب، , as for the أخر question , can you choose في your mind أي تقنعنا تقنعنا us بيها؟ ?
تمام , okay , thank you
okay , shall we start by .. by telling تقولنا about your background ? where are بتاعتك، from بتاعتك، where were you born ? did you go to قومية national or an international المدرسة ? and .. and what were the languages there ?
okay , after that بتاعك، ممكن you تحكيلنا us عن ال .. your education career أيه؟ what did you do ? أيه؟ تخصص did دخلت choose ? and أمتى did أختارت أختارت this major ? can you tell us ممكن your system في university الجامعة؟
okay
و have tried this in the past semester , thank god , i passed it as i got good grades and now و take overload , i am really stressed قدامي
the .. artist draws a chart then he بتبقى it to يعنى بمبلغ lot of money and that 's his profit بيكسب
i do n't know , i do n't know can you .. tell us أيه 's happening ?
okay , shall we start by .. by تحكيلنا us عن your background ? where are you from منين، where were you born ? did you go to a قومية or an international school فين؟ and .. و what were the languages there أيه؟
okay , well and .. after that .. when it comes to your education career , which major did كنت go for at university ? و .. و و ليه did you choose this major ده؟ يعني did you حسيت that you عايز this major ? and ليه؟ ?
okay , can you tell us about دراستك، study at university ? what was أيه about ? what do you أيه؟ ? what do you learn أيه؟ and .. and .. و can you tell us about مشروع topic of your bachelor project ?
تمام، , can you بتاعك us عن the أيه، of your bachelor project ? يعني does it talk about ?
okay , can you tell تحكيلنا عن .. about your daily routine ? what do you usually do on your weekday after getting up في the يوم ? what .. do يومك usually do in the middle of the week ?
okay طيب، what do you do في the weekends or during your free time ? ايه activities do you .. you اللي do بتعملها؟
تمام , well , do you have specific hobbies that you practice such as قراءة، , listening تسمع music , playing or .. any other specific hobbies ?
okay , what kind of music do you like , what نوع؟ of music do you like ? do بتحب بتحب مغني specific singer or a specific song ?
okay , do you usually listen to arabic or إنجليزي؟ طيب، ?
okay طيب، well , do you have a favorite quote that you like بتحب apply and that حياتك usually remember or you do n't have ?
تمام كتير؟ , well do you like movies , do you usually بتحب a lot of movies ?
تمام طيب , well , as for the .. the future are you هتحب to enroll ولادك children in a national or an international school ? would هتحب تدخلهم for an عربي إنجليزي , english و french or a deutsch مدرسة ألماني؟
okay , well , what was your وظيفة job when you were young ? and بعد you are في university , ما do you تخلص to work أيه؟
okay و have you attended أي internships أو worked any بدوام جزئي or full-time أشغال , ممكن you تحكيلنا تحكيلنا about عنها؟ ?
تمام، انت , well , من on your three-month التجربة , what would you .. you .. you أكتر المهنية life or university life ? which is better for you ?
okay , have أنت سافرت مصر قبل ?
okay , is there any specific مكان that you want to تزوره، , that you wish to travel to المكان ?
okay , well , if you جاتلك الفرصة chance to travel for a job offer or a scholarship , would you make this decision و لا لأ؟ و .. و .. and what will influence your decision ?
okay , well and .. and which country in .. في europe as you said you هتختار to take a tour there , ايه country would you choose to live there فيها؟
is there a specific place في your دماغك or you تشوف هتروح and تشوف .. لما you تعجبتك في بلد there هتستقر you will stay there فيها؟
okay , well طيب، is there a point in your life that you consider a turning point , where your way of thinking changed the most تفكيرك؟
what has been developed in your character , what did you feel ? how كانت your character and how is it now أزاى؟
okay و .. when أنت were at university , did you like working on المشاريع individually or in a فريق؟ ?
okay , do عندك have a role model in your life حياتك؟ it 's not necessarily to have an absolute لازم model but مثلك can have a role model for each field .
okay , well , there 's another question . would you rather be liked or respected و why ليه؟
okay , do you consider yourself an easy person that الناس can talk with or they need وقت محتاجين ice breaking تعارف، do علشان need time to talk to each other بعض؟
okay , do بتحس find it بصعوبة when you deal with people من a different social level , different style and their social level is higher or lower than yours أعلى؟
okay أيه أيه trait do you like في yourself and you want it to تفضل forever and you will never change ?
okay طيب، which trait makes you ignore people ? if you find this trait في anyone , تتعامل can not تتعامل with them , ماتقدر can not .. .. adapt with them ?
okay , مايكنش does your parents criticize you for و they بتقولك عيلتك أنت you should change this ?
okay , أيه makes أكتر feel مضغوط؟ ? what makes you feel nervous because you have a lot to do ?
تمام , and how do you بتتصرف such stress , بتتصرف do you بتتعامل with أزاى؟ أزاى؟
okay , have you tried being in an .. في interview or a project when you speak about a topic that أنت do n't really understand so you فتبتدي speaking english saying sophisticated words so that the person in front of قدامك feel that أنت understand and .. and الموضوع؟ situation will pass ?
okay , can أنت تعيش غير a موبايل أو not ? if yes , why ليه؟
but do n't بس feel that تكون distracts بيشغلك from something من important ?
okay , well , as for the أخر question , can you choose anything you are persuaded of to make us be persuaded of , it could be a general thing like نكمل studies , traveling or anything else حاجة؟
okay , well , thank you
okay , shall we نبتدي by telling تعرفنا about your الخلفية فين؟ where are you from ? where were أنت born ? did you في to a national or an دولية؟ school ? و were the languages at this school english , arabic , فرنسي؟ or deutsch ?
تمام طيب , well و after education , what about your career ?
which major did you choose ? why did you choose this major ? when did you feel that أنت want to go for this major ?
okay طيب، can you tell us about .. عن دراستك، دراستك، ? what .. do you بتدرس في university ? what do you learn ? what was your .. your bachelor project أيه؟ ?
okay , well , have أنت traveled abroad before ?
okay ، can you tell us عن السفريات places that عجبك have visited و which place did you like the most that you want to go there again and you can still يعني أنت فاكره؟ فاكره؟
well , when سافرت traveled there , did you make عملت there and were .. you still in touch ولا not ?
لأ، , i mean friends أنا you made there و هل you still in أتعرفت أتعرفت them or not ?
okay , which place do نفسك want to visit now ?
okay , if أنت جالك the الفرصة to .. بعرض travel abroad for a عمل offer or a دراسية , would you make القرار decision و not ? what would made you think about القرار ? ايه هتأثر affect your decision ?
okay , أنت أنت usually travel inside egypt ?
okay well , is there any specific place فاكرها، still تحكي and you want تحكي talk عنها كده؟
طيب , do you بتعتبر yourself an easy person that الناس تتكلم talk with or الناس need وقت for ice breaking and will get along عليك you more ?
تمام , do you find بصعوبة difficult to .. to deal with people من a different اجتماعي level that you ca n't deal with and you محتاج to change your طريقتك or something ?
okay , أيه trait do you .. you like about yourself and you بتحبها it to تفضل أبدا؟ without any يتغير ?
okay , which trait that people have that makes you avoid interacting مع them .. if موجودة have such trait that انت hate the most , you مابتعرفش not تتعامل with معاها؟ ?
تمام طيب، , well , what do your parents criticize you فيها، ده، did they tell you that you محتاج to change something فيك؟ your character ?
nothing
.. دي , is there anything that شخصيتك، consider weird about yourself , in your شخصيتك، , something weird , something that people would find very غريبة ?
okay طيب، well , what makes you feel stressed و مضغوط nervous ?
and how do you بتتغلب over الضغط ده، , what do أيه؟ بتعمل ?
okay , well , have you tried being in an interview or في evaluation speaking about a topic that أنت do n't understand so speak في إنجليزي using sophisticated words just to تتكلم this situation فيه؟ can you tel تحكيلنا، about this situation تحكيلنا، for مثلا؟ ? can you tell us about a situation like that that happened to you ?
okay , what was the reaction of the person in front of قدامك , did he believe that , was he يقتنع or he realized that you were بيقفش؟ بيقفش؟ ?
okay , can أنت live without a mobile ? if أه , why ? ليه؟ no , why ?
okay طيب، أخر for the last سؤال , can you نعمل anything and persuade us of , أي you are persuaded of such مثلا traveling , completing ماجستير، , staying here , or to do .. do أي that you want to persuade تقنعنا بيها؟ of ?
okay okay thank you .
well , ممكن we start by telling us about your background أن أصلا are you from ? and .. and were you في a national و international school ? و were the languages english , arabic عربى، french عربى، or ألماني؟ ?
okay , and afterwards the التعليم، career , what was the major you دخلت in ? and أنت did you want .. decide to enroll in this التخصص ? مقرر mean did you feel that you like يعنى؟ ?
okay , well و what made مخليك decide مقرر join mechatronics ميكاترونكس، why did كنت like ( ( it ) ) ? or i mean what made you think of it فيها، not joining computer science , or communication اتصالات؟
تمام مثلا أكتر، , can you tell us more for example about your دراستك ? what did اتعلمتوا بتدرس ? the projects you did for example عملتوها، how were عملتوها، عملتوها، ?
well , have you traveled abroad before كده؟
okay are there any تمام place where you would like to travel to or تشوفه؟ see تشوفه؟
country .
okay , well what if جاتلك got an oppportunity to make a scholarship أو you got a job offer , would هتحب like to تاخد this decision and تسافر or would you settle here و أيه الحاجات would تأثر your decision ?
okay , well do you بتسافر جوا domestically in egypt ?
well , can you تحكيلنا us about a travel that you did in egypt in which you liked the place و المكان المناظر the most and you wanted بتحب go there again ?
well طيب، do you consider yourself an easy person تتكلم talk to or a difficult person , i mean do you need time للتعارف ice عشان to be able نتكلم؟ talk ?
okay well و do you feel that it 's difficult to deal with people of different الاجتماعي level مختلف، do you need to change your way of talking , do you need to change طباعك؟ طباعك؟ ?
i mean أقل or higher social مستوى whether it is money-wise or .. or .. or education-wise .
بس for example , if you are using while talking إنجليزي words أو something and بتتعامل deal with someone whose الاجتماعي level is lower than منك or whose educational level is أقل than you would you change your way of talking for example ?
طيب، , what is the most trait you like in yourself , you feel انه you like تفضل keep , and يتغير to change بتحبها ابدا؟ ?
طيب، طيب، and what is أكتر most trait in the other الشخص , if there you ca n't deal with فيه معاه، you بتحس that حاجة 's very hard تتأقلم cope معاه، him ?
طيب، , what is the most thing that makes أنت feel stressed و uncomfortable ?
okay طيب، , and how do you % bt .. % bt بتتخطى it ?
تمام have you ever tried before while talking with someone in an interview or in an evaluation to talk in english تتكلم a topic أنت أنت are not fully understanding and to تقول ( ( sophisticated terms ) ) so that the interview would smoothly pass نخلص؟
what happened حصل؟
تمام طيب can you do without a mobile ?
why ?
well , أخر last question can you select anything that أنت believe in and persuade us بيها، it can be to travel سفر، to study , it can be anything ?
تمام ماشي، , thank you .
well , shall نبتدي start by telling us about your background where are تقولنا originally from ? و .. and كنت you in a national school or international one دولية؟ واللغات what were the languages there ايه؟
okay and بعد your التعليم career what was the major you enrolled in ? و .. and why did you select this التخصص ? امتى did you feel that you want to join this major ?
well can you tell us more about .. your بتدرس as well what do you study , i mean what do دراستك أيه at the الجامعة، , if there is for مثلا a bachelor project or a big project that you like to tell تقولنا about ?
تمام طيب , well have you traveled abroad before كده؟
تمام , in general in your travels did you عملت friends or something كده، and are you still in touch or not ?
well if أنت got the opportunity to travel abroad whether you got منحة job offer or scholarship would you take القرار decision ولا would انت هتحب تفضل settle هنا وايه which things would impact your قرارك ?
okay do you consider yourself an easy person to تتكلم معاه or not .. or do you need much time for تعارف؟ تعارف؟ ?
well ايه what is أكتر most trait you like in نفسك and you do n't want this trait to change خالص؟ all خالص؟
okay and which trait if there in the other person you ca n't تتعامل with معاه، معاه، or بتحس fell انه it لأ hard to go on dealing with .. اتعامل with this person ?
well what is the most thing makes انك feel that you are very stressed جدا؟
well , have you ever tried قبل to be in .. in a situation , موقف، مقابلة , or in an evaluation and .. and talk في a topic انت you do n't understand so انت فبتتكلم فبتتكلم english or ( ( to say بتتكلم الموضوع terms ) ) so that الموضوع الموضوع would smoothly pass and others would feel أنت you understand ?
okay well can you do غير a mobile , and why if أه , or no ?
well , can you select anything أنت شايفها شايفها أو you are convinced of and persuade us of , anything أنت believe that it 's important ?
i يعني is there anything حاجة، في people convinced us to complete masters , it can be to convince تقنعنا with something funny , or it can be with حاجة
how is that ازاي؟
و بعدين؟ بعدين؟
okay thanks .
طيب , can you tell us عن your background , where originally are you from ? and .. و was you school a national or international one دولية؟ and what were اللغات اللغات فيها english . arabic , deutsch , french ?
well , and then the education career which major did you بقى in ? and ليه did you join this major ? why did you feel .. امتى you like مثلا، for امتى مثلا، امتى did قررتي decide to join it ?
okay طيب and can you tell us عن دراستك، study , أنتي do you بتدرسي in the university ? what do you study ? and .. and then can تحكيلنا tell us about your bachelor مشروع ?
ممكن انتي tell us about how do you start your day , how بيبقى يومك، daily routine in your normal life ?
okay well and the weekends ? is there anything different in the weekends ? do you practice for مثلا any certain activities in the يوم off ?
طيب انتي have سافرتي traveled abroad before كده؟
well can you tell us about the travels and the الأماكن you have been to , which place that you liked the most and you wanted to go there again ?
okay well when you سافرتي did you make friends and لو اه are you still in اتصال or not ?
which place you like to go the most .. to visit i mean you ماروحتيهوش n't been تروحيه ماروحتيهوش .. you have n't traveled there before و you wanted to go ?
what if you got the opportunity تسافري travel whether you have a job عرض or a scholarship would you go for this القرار ولا not لأ؟ و ايه factors would impact your قرارك هتقرري؟
okay do you travel a lot internally in كتير كتير
well , can you tell تحكيلنا about a سفرية here في egypt you like the most , the place was very حلو أوي، and الأنشطة activities you عملتيها there for example احكيلنا us about the سفرية، i mean which حابتيها you liked the most يعنى؟
okay , do you consider yourself an easy شخص to talk to or do الناس need time for تعارف؟ ice تعارف؟ ?
okay and do you بتحسي it 's difficult to deal with people from different social level , اذا lower or higher than you أعلى؟ do بتحسي feel انك انك need to change your way of طريقتك or كلامك؟ words ?
well أنتي trait you like most في yourself and you do n't want it to change , which you like and you want to keep it ?
well and which trait in others if there you ca n't deal with الشخص , you مش n't % t .. t .. cope with this person ده؟
okay well is there any specific issue your parents في criticizing فيها، , they say لك لك لازم to تبطلي doing this , or that ?
okay and what stresses you and put you under stress مضغوطة؟
well , how do you % بت .. overcome this الموضوع ? how do you بتتخطى this .. this stress ?
have you ever tried قبل being in an interview or in an evaluation and because there is a topic that you are not totally understand so you start تتكلمي in english or ( هتتكلمي to هتتكلمي sophisticated terms ) ) فتبتدي let the evaluation smoothly خلاص and and the الموضوع % y .. and ( ( the issue ends up ) ) and to make others feel that you got everything ?
well does the other person believe that or not ?
well can you live without a mobile ? and why if yes or no ?
تمام طيب the last سؤال، can you select anything you شايفاها in .. anything you consider شايفاها important and persuade us of , it 's not necessary a شرط حاجة .. ممكن can be scientific topic , it can be to complete our study , it can حاجة something funny , or anything .
okay , okay thank you .
well منين، shall نبتدي نبتدي by introducing your background where are you originally from ? were you in قومية national or international مدرسة ? and which اللغات were taught at school english , عربي، , deutsch , french ?
okay
what languages were اللغات in the school ?
okay , well and then the education career which major did أنت enrolled in the university الجامعة؟ and when did أختارت select this major ?
تمام بس , well but did you مقرر decide for example قبل when you انت at school something like that or not .. or بعديها؟ ?
okay can تحكيلنا tell us also about your .. your study دراستك، what do you study at الجامعة؟ ? and .. and what was بتاعك المشروع هو؟
well have you ever traveled abroad ?
well is there any certain place that نفسك want to go to , you would like to visit and i يعني أنت are متحمس forward to go to that place ?
تمام طيب what if you got the opportunity to travel for a عمل offer or a دراسية تسافر travel for a long time would you take this decision or not لأ؟ and what العوامل would % ت .. impact قرارك decision i يعني؟ ?
هتكون العوامل هتأثر be إنه هتأثر your .. your القرار ?
تمام well do you travel a lot internally in egypt كتير؟
well , if you .. do you consider yourself an easy person to talk to or do you need much time for ice تعارف؟ ?
تمام , أنت you تتعامل any difficulty بصعوبة dealing with people of different social levels ?
which trait do أكتر like أكتر in yourself and نفسك تتغير؟ n't want بتحبها change it ?
well , what is the most trait in .. لو present in موجودة قدامك person you would n't be able to deal with him ?
well , okay what is the most thing that makes you stressed ?
and how do وإزاي overcome stress , how do you act أزاي؟
طيب have you ever tried before while you were in an interview or in an evaluation if you are not totally understanding الموضوع topic to speak in إنجليزي و say complicated words to make كبير feel that you understand and the situation would smoothly end up ?
well can you live without موبايل mobile if yes or لأ، and why ?
تمام well أخر last question is أنت can you select أي you see و you are convinced of and convince us بيها، . أي , ممكن ممكن be حاجة related to طيب study , it can be something funny ?
تمام thank you .
well shall we start by تقوليلنا us about your background , where are you originally from ? and was you مدرسة a قومية or international one ? و what were the languages taught there english , arabic , deutsch , french ?
okay طيب and بعد the education career in the الجامعة which major did you enroll in ? and when did you decide that أنتي want to join this major ?
well , do you بتفكري of enrolling your kid in قومية national or in an international school ? .. and why مثلا مثلا .. what are the اللغات that you are considering to teach for your kids , will أنتي enroll her in english or french مدرسة ? definitely , for example you are setting a plan for that .
طيب تخلصي، in the university كان is your dream job ? كنتي job do you want تطلعي work after finishing your study ? which كنتي do you like to join i يعني؟ ?
well , well can you tell us على مثلا other job you did اتخرجتي have done for example after graduation , your شغلك job or internship while you were في the university الجامعة؟
طيب طيب what if you got an opportunity to travel abroad whether for a job offer أو دراسية will do that or not ? و what القرارات .. what factors would affect your decision ?
okay what is the most مكان you would like to visit or travel to و why ليه؟
well do انتي usually travel much internally in مصر كتير؟ ?
well , can you tell us about a trip that you traveled before and you enjoyed it and you liked the place عجبك much and it was .. was very nice , and تروحي want to go there again ?
طيب , what is the best trait you like in yourself , you feel that تفضل ماتتغيرش to keep it forever ?
well do you find any difficulty in dealing with people of different social levels whether lower or higher so that you would need to change your way of talking and .. your way i يعني؟ ?
well what is حاجة most thing أيه makes بتخليكي stressed and under مضغوطة؟ ?
well how do you % bt .. % bt handle مع ده؟
طيب you ever tried before و you were for example in an interview or في an evaluation or when you are applying for a new شغل يسألك be asked on a topic that you do n't understand it and so you start talking in إنجليزي and تتكلمي say sophisticated كبير so that الموضوع المقابلة would smoothly end up .
well , what was فعل other person رد , i mean does هو appreciate that or he feels that no he could have said anything حاجة؟
okay can you do without a mobile و لو yes or no and why ?
طيب برا، the last question can you select anything that نسافر believe in and persuade us of , anything . it can be to to نكمل complete studying , it أحنا be to نسافر it can be anything ?
thanks
okay what is your kid 's مدرسة ?
okay is it national ولا قومية؟ ?
طيب , why did you choose this school or i يعني why did you choose دولية؟ دولية؟ ?
well , which words does he usually use to express himself و in which language ?
well , ممكن you tell us what did انت study in في university الجامعة؟
do you like more your working life or your life when you were في university student ?
طب , عندك عندك فرصة فرصة opportunity في تشتغلي in a خاصة company for example or so would انك leave teaching .. teaching work or do you like working في the university ?
well do تفضلي prefer living here or تسافري travel and تسافري تهاجري في ?
okay
do you have any أعلى؟ model أعلى؟
do حياتك؟ have any role model in life ?
do you find yourself an easy person to تتكلم to or is it difficult and there is a need في ice الحواجز between بينك and others ?
so هل there a معينة character that you find تتعاملي difficult to deal معاها؟ ? i mean a certain character while تتعاملي معاها him you find معاها very hard كده؟
no no type type
do not مبتحسيش مبتحسيش that this issue is making you under stress in certain time الاوقات؟
okay do you feel that you can be burden by others worries and forget yours ? and forget your troubles and it ends by solving others ' problems مشاكل keeping yours .
if بيفكر want يشتغل work in any company دي يعني he يشتغل not a ta or a doctor so you think that the master would be something beneficial ?
what do you do in الصبح morning when you wake up إيه؟
do you have معينة activity on حاجة weekends ?
okay طيب
عندك you have certain hobby معينة؟
which meal do you like to cook the most ?
do you like reading ?
which book have you ever read and in which language was it ?
what was it about ?
if you were not working in كتدريس كمساعد a teacher assistant what would you do ?
okay okay did you work before in other jobs or did you do any تدريبات في university الجامعة؟
okay so you basically like working في الشغل university more than working in a private company or so .
okay is there a certain reason ?
no ? okay
well do you like your المهنية الحياة عامة ولا your life when you were a university student الجامعة؟
have سافرتي سافرتي abroad before ?
where did you travel ?
okay so what was the most remarkable place in the country you عجبتك؟ the most ?
did you make صحاب هناك؟ ?
if you جاتلك the فرصة to immigrate would you like that or would أنت like to settle هنا ?
okay
طيب is there a معينة country you which you like to travel to or to immigrate if you جاتلك the opportunity ?
okay هل there any moment that in which you عدت that it دي تحول؟ turning point تحول؟
which you feel that you changed تانية؟ قبلها قبلها تانية؟
do you like more working individually or in team اكتر؟
لو there is a project تشتغلي are working on , would you like مثلا work in group or individually ?
ليه؟ ?
طيب معاها؟ , is there certain type شخصيات شخصيات you feel that you will not هعرف able to اتعامل with ?
do you find صعوبة difficulty بتواجهي dealing مع a person with certain traits ?
what ?
can you please tell us what does word متملقين؟ يعنى ?
ازاى can you تقولنا us يومك your الصبح starting من waking up in the morning ?
بتشجع فريق do you cheer ?
تمام طيب بتعملها there a certain activity that بتعملها do during the الأسبوع؟ ?
okay okay do عندك have معينة hobby that you like to practice in your free time ?
okay بتحب which online game do you like to play ?
okay okay definitely you listen to music ?
تحب you like تسمع listen to arabic or english songs and who is your المفضل المغنى ?
okay إيه .. what is بتاعتك؟ dream job بتاعتك؟ or let خلينا start from the beginning خلاك makes you choose your major computer science ?
طيب تكبر what would you like to work when you grow up , your الأحلام job ?
okay هسألك will say in other words would you like to تشتغل في the university in the academic field or would you like to work في a private شركة؟ ?
private company
okay okay
regarding indonesia have you سافرت traveled elsewhere besides indonesia ?
okay و what is the most thing عجبتك like in the country أنت traveled سافرتها؟ سافرتها؟
طيب did you make friends there ? if yes are you still in contact ولا not ?
okay which place you would like to visit or which البلد would نفسك like % t .. to تسافرلها to تسافرلها
ليه؟ ?
okay , what if إنك got the فرصة to travel abroad , % t .. would انك accept this opportunity or do you prefer to settle in egypt مصر؟
okay
could you please tell تحكيلي about the last سفرية you did جوا in طيب مصر؟ ?
طيب do you have a مثل model ?
do you في a role قدوة في حد ?
why تانى؟ ?
okay regarding الشغلة بدوام الشغلة i will ask you a question أنك أنك rather be liked or تفضل ? and why ?
which thing you like بتحبها most in yourself نفسك؟
okay طيب في there a certain type of شخصيات that you find صعب to تتعامل with أو if a شخص has that character you would know إنه it would be very hard to أتعامل with that الشخص .
okay
كلنا of كلنا all of us
okay have you ever tried before to speak in english just to تتكلم that نفسك تبين everything but actually you 're not حاجة؟
i mean while talking in certain topic you تتكلم تبين some english words to عشان as if you understand and so ..
okay
okay بما احنا are in عصر التكنولوجيا era do you بتحب technology can أنت live without your الموبايل ولا لأ؟ لأ؟
ليه؟ ?
i 'm not convinced i feel that i بحس فيهم مبالغ overrated شوية
i mean i feel that someone مثلا us that study , work , and travel to make the take the bachelor and to make master 's so we go on in the education path .
i feel that they do n't think
بحس feel إن may be we are much more educated مثقفين to عنهم بكتير
بحس feel that هم do n't know anything except kicking الكورة ball .
definitely , it would never be the same as the football الكورة get paid كده
so كتير .
nobody حد
i 'm اقتنعت بصراحة
thank you
okay can you tell us what do بتعملي do every morning ?
how do you start يومك؟ يومك؟ ?
okay do عندك أنشطة certain activity that you like doing on the weekends ?
okay do you like تقري؟ ?
do you like reading in arabic or in english إنجليزي؟
and what is the most book you like to بتحبيه؟ ?
okay أيه what is the story you have read قريتيها and you حسيتي that you want to reread تقريها تاني؟
i mean it influenced you معاكى
it taught علمتك something .
okay , do you تسمعي listening to أغانى؟ ?
do you have معين favorite singer you enjoy listening to ?
okay do you like listening to arabic or english songs ?
can you tell us about activities you are practicing besides college ?
after graduation أيه is بتاعتك؟ dream الأحلام ?
% bt i mean نفسك would you تشتغلي to work ?
initially مثلا would you like to تعملي in the academic field for example and to do masters and phd and so on or do تشتغلي want to work في a خاصة؟ company خاصة؟
okay , in الجامعة do تشتغلى تشتغلى working في الفردية المشاريع or in group projects و ليه ?
why ليه؟
okay have you ever traveled كده؟ before ?
سافرتى did فين؟ travel ?
can you تحكيلنا us about the best مكان you enjoyed visiting in egypt ?
and what activities did you do هناك؟ ?
okay what if you got the opportunity to تسافري abroad would you تحبي it or would you like to settle here في egypt مصر؟
would you continue living in مصر؟ ?
do you feel that السفر abroad has benefits وليه mean does it ليه إيجابيات and سلبيات؟ ?
why do you believe in that ?
okay do you feel that your شخصيتك has changed after joining engineering in general ?
do you have a role قدوة or an example in certain field % بت i mean a model you think ان you want to be like or to learn something from ?
okay , currently if you were in charge بتشتغلي a فريق and you were the team قائد وفي there is a task أنه should be done would تحترمك؟ like i mean هو question says would you rather be liked or respected ?
would you prefer people doing الشغل الشغل out of loving you ولا بتحبك بتحترمك you , or بتحترمك afraid from you ?
do you feel that you are an easy شخص to ice break with and to وتتكلم to or is it hard يتعرف get to يتعرف الناس easily and يتكلم talk to and so on كده؟
is there a certain character of a person if met , you would feel أن it would be عارفه hard to deal with since there في معينة trait in him that you would اتقبلها؟ accept اتقبلها؟
okay , can تقولنا tell us every morning بتبدأ do you start your يومك ? what 's your daily routine بتاعك؟
okay , is there any activity بتعملها are practicing في الأجازات الأجازات الأسبوعية ?
what is the بتحب hobby you like practicing في your free time ?
okay which book did you like the أثر that فيك have read before and عجبك؟ influenced you ? and in what language كان it ? arabic عربي، english or ايه؟ was it ?
okay , throughout your الأنشطة in the college would you like to تشتغل more individually or in team دراستك فريق؟
do you have certain favorite singer that you would like بتحب listen تسمعله أو ..
عجباك you like more working life i mean or do you عجباك more your life as في university student studying and so كده؟ ? i mean since you اشتغلت worked before as a part-timer في a certain agency and كده on .
okay do you بتحب working individually ولا in فريق ? في any أى project at work الشغل، outside work , or in any أى place حته؟
أحسنلك you prefer working in a مجموعة , i mean a team , ولا individually لوحدك؟
okay what if someone in your team felt that he is depressed and ان هو could n't go on in the المشروع and so on were you % bt .. يعني how do you motivate and بتشجعوا بتقوموا other .
okay have you traveled abroad before و if yes where did you travel ?
okay ممكن تقولنا تقولنا تقولنا ما do you do in your day since you wake up in the morning ?
okay do you have معينة hobbies that you like practicing in your free time for example listening to music , watching certain movies ?
طيب ممكن can you tell us what is your favorite song ? and is it arabic or english ?
okay can you tell us about what كان أخر last فيلم إتفرجت have recently watched إيه؟
or أكتر movie you like watching the most اتفرجت you have اتفرجت عليه كذا than once
can you tell us about its story and what was its name ?
okay why did you choose to be في the academic الحياة and to work in the university ?
why did n't you think مثلا working in a خاصة company or كده؟ ?
okay أنت 's your dream job ?
i mean لو you خلصت ماجستير هنا in في university و you decided not to resume as a teacher and wanted to work in a company ( ( where do you find yourself ) فين؟ فين؟
okay في standing you class and for example بتطلب بتطلب your students to do certain task would you like them بتحب يعملوا it out of بتحب or out love ?
فبيعملوها فبيعملوها do it من منطلق love i mean not out of respect only ?
certain task .
do you miss وحشتك life as a الجامعة student i mean the university life يعني do حياتك like more المهنية life and so on ?
okay هل there any moment في حياتك felt that it is a turning point and so on كده؟
اللي هو that before i كنت to think in a certain way but after that point كنت بفكر thinking بطريقة a different way .
or for example i كنت to جامعة a certain faculty but i joined another one .
is there anything that changed حياتك direction i mean .
okay , did you like working in teams or did you like more to work for example individually in projects ? and .. and why ?
i يعني tell me how do أنت see everything .
okay do you have a حد model for example ?
for مثلا in حياتك الإجتماعية life is there anyone that you want to be like يعني؟
في your life while studying for example is there any دكتور or anybody that أنت % bt look up to i mean يعني؟
طيب have you ever tried قبل in which you were not totally understanding the topic . have أنت tried جربت speak فهتتكلم english so that you would appear to be understanding everything و so on ?
okay طيب can you تقولنا us how do you start your يومك ? what do you when you wake up every أيه؟ ? what is your daily الروتين ?
طيب you do a certain activity in the weekends الأسبوعية؟
i mean ليك there anything you بتحب doing or for example do ليك بتحب playing sport ? anything ?
okay can you tell تحكيلنا about the last فيلم you watched ?
or the most movie بتحبه؟ like
طيب do you like reading ?
okay can تقولنا تقولنا us about to whom you like كاتب the most ?
و هل it in english ولا arabic ?
و which كتاب أثر influenced you ?
what is your dream وظيفة لو you were n't a ta what would you تحب to work ?
can you tell us about the تدريب or a full-time part-time jobs that you have done before تبقى a ta ?
طيب can you tell us about لحظة moment in your حياتك when you felt that it is a turning point ?
for example before قبلها كنت used to بتفكر بطريقة a certain way but after you think أن your تفكيرك has اتغير or something في your personality has changed ?
طب , do you usually like في الشغل أو انت you were a student بتحب work individually or in group project ? and why ?
why do you choose بتختاره؟ option ?
do you have a certain role model في your life someone % bt you look up to for مثلا in your social life or in في الجامعة؟ حياتك ? مثلك حد الأعلى؟ الأعلى؟
do you consider yourself a person .. an easy شخص to talk to or محتاجين difficult one , that الناس need more time to ice تتكلم with you and so ?
طيب هل , هل there a معينة الشخص if لقيته met you ca n't اتعامل with ? or you مش n't accept ?
طبع طبع certain certain quality
can you do without a mobile ? و why ليه؟
طيب أزاي can you tell us what do you do every morning and كده؟ كده؟ كده؟
okay في the weekends عندك you have معينة plans or certain activities ? or not .. i mean ممكن you tell us what do you بتعمل في the weekends ?
do you have certain hobbies or certain sport you بتحب تلعبها؟ ? او a sport that بتحب like cheering تشجعها؟ تشجعها؟ i mean every .. كلمنا بتاعتك؟ more about your hobbies ?
okay بتسمع listen بتسمع songs طبعا course % س؟ ?
okay can تقولنا تقولنا us % ب .. do you like more listening to arabic or english ?
and who is بتاعك؟ المغني singer بتاعك؟
okay ممكن you tell us about أكتر movie you like the most أو what is أخر أخر movie اتفرجت watched ? and why did it اتفرجت you ? and وليه did you like the story عجبتك؟
طيب can تحكيلنا tell us after graduation what would you like to work ?
أيه is your dream job ?
okay did أنت do internship أو have you ever tried دوام كامل أو part-time في before ?
okay ممكن تحكيلنا tell تحكيلنا about one of them و و كده؟ experience did you get كده؟
طيب بما you have tried before to work somewhere do you think that your حياتك while being في الجامعة كطالب is better or working life is much better ?
sightseeing ?
do you بتحب reading ?
i mean have n't you tried to read تقرا book before ? arabic ? english ?
okay is there في moment when you feel that it is a turning point and that حياتك life path has changed بعد this point .
for example كنت كنت to join معينة faculty و you joined another one تانية
كنت you want certain تخصص while you had to join another تخصص .
i mean أي period in your life when you feel that it is a turning point .
did you feel that حسيتها change مثلا؟ in your personality حاجة example ?
okay at college would you like to work individually or in team work and why ليه؟
do عندك have a role model ? a role الأعلى for you in a certain field حاجة؟ في في your الأجتماعية life do you find someone for example اجتماعي so نفسك would like to be like him ? or you find someone successful so you want to learn زيه؟ him ?
i ممكن يكون حد من your family , someone من friends , someone ال .. people studying في في university .
طيب سهل do you see yourself الناس easy to talk to or do you feel أنه it بتلاقي difficult for others to start talking to you because maybe you need more time to تتعرفوا to تتعرفوا each other or to ice break and so on ?
okay أيه trait do you بتحبها the most in yourself and فيك؟ feel أنه الناس like it as فيك؟ ?
طيب is there certain الشخص that you ca n't deal with because he has certain trait that i do n't like it ?
it 's the .. هنبني المشروع now i mean we do these things for build آلة or something on machine will help الناس تتوقع predict others and if .. if he is a student or هو بيشتغل or something .. .. أذا would he speak in which way so it would يوجه the person who asks or people on الشغل how to deal with تسأله and how to ask in certain way .
okay ممكن تقولنا tell تقولنا how do you start your day ?
إيه 's your اليومي routine ?
ممكن you tell us what do you بتعمل on the weekends ? if you عندك certain plans or activities that you like practicing ?
do you عندك certain hobby that you like تعملها؟ رياضة؟ ? do you read for مثلا؟ مثلا؟ do you practice sports ?
ممكن you tell us which كتاب you read قريته that you قريته وحبيته and influenced you the most ? and لو you remember مقولة quote that you liked from it عجبتك؟ and was it بالإنجليزي english ولا arabic ?
okay أكتر movie do you like watching the most ? that you have watched كذا كذا once مرة؟ or the last movie you أتفرجت watched عليه؟ i mean could أحكينا tell us the story ?
okay what أنت you were بتشتغل بتشتغل now as as i mean ، what would be مدرس مساعد مساعد what would you like to تشتغل ?
okay do you think دلوقتي your life now in the المهنية life أحسن أحسن compared to your university life as a student ?
okay have أنت traveled abroad before ?
okay can ممكن tell تحكيلنا عن your last trip in egypt where did you travel فين؟ and .. و what experience اللي was there i mean ?
do you have a role model or someone that you want تبقي تبقي like him in حياتك حياتك مثلا example or in شغلك؟ working field ?
do you feel بتحس % sh .. an easy person to deal with or do people need more time to get to know you and at the beginning وكلمكوا do n't talk much and so ?
is there certain trait if found in شخص .. i يعني if أنه trait is in someone yo u هتقول not be able to أتعامل معاه؟ معاه؟ ?
that 's it i 'm sure أن i will not be able to deal with this person because he has certain trait أنا i do n't like ?
okay can you tell us عن your daily routine . بتصحى do you get up ? تروح to الجامعة % t .. i mean tell us every morning when you wake up what do you do بيحصل
do you have certain أنشطة you are practicing on الأجازة weekend or how do you spend the weekend ?
okay do you have معينة هوايات بتحب like % t .. practicing i mean ?
okay have أنت traveled مصر before كده؟
okay can you tell us where did you travel و what experience you got from هناك و which مكان did you like the most i mean .
what if you got the opportunity for a scholarship و جالك working برا هل إنك accept that ده؟ i mean to دراسية تهاجر برا or would yo you prefer to go on and تعيش هنا؟ ?
and ليه؟ ?
okay do you have a role model , i mean مثلك role الأعلى in معينة field for example ?
okay i will ask you a بيقول would أنك rather تكون محبوب or respected ?
i mean would تحب like when you تطلب مثلا to do something to يعملها it out of بيحبك و out من respect or إن he is for example عارفة of you هو example ?
do you believe that you هم an easy person to تتكلم to or لا 's hard يكسروا ice break with others or is it easy to get to know الحواجز from the أول كده؟
طيب can you tell تحكيلنا what do you do every الصبح؟ ? i mean أيه 's your daily routine بتاعك؟
طيب can you tell us about خطط plans you have on the weekends and لو there are certain hobbies you like practicing for example مثلا؟
okay can you tell تقوليلنا would you like تقري in arabic ولا in إنجليزي و which كتاب you have read that affected you , and if there is a certain quote you can tell us and so كده؟
طيب can تقوليلنا tell us have you ever traveled برا قبل or not ?
okay where did تحكيلنا سافرتى internally في في egypt , او which city did you like the most .. i mean sorry which مكان did you like most in egypt as an experience and so .
طيب , what if you get فرصة opportunity to travel abroad would you accept that or ولا .. i mean منحة a دراسية for example او so or would you much مثلا to settle with your أهلك in egypt ?
okay i سؤال ask حياتك a little more personal question which moment have you ever felt that it is a turning نقطة and that before you used to بفكر in certain way while بعدها it your mindset and your whole life direction has اتغير؟ اتغير؟
for example في مثلا قالت that they had wanted تانية college و they دخلوا تانية college .. i mean for example كانوا had عايزين college a but they joined college b .
someone قالت us before أنه her turning point was when she gave birth قبلها that she كانت n't used to have مسئولية مسئولية then قالت felt أنه there is someone that she has to تشيل مسئوليته of .
فممكن can you تقوليلنا us the moment which بتاعتك؟ felt is your turning التحول ?
okay do you have a أعلى model ليكى who is a role model .. role model for you ?
okay , there is a question would you rather be محبوب or respected , which one would you choose ليه؟ and why ?
okay , do you consider yourself an easy person to deal with or is it hard to easily ice break with others ?
okay can تحكلنا tell us about your daily routine ? i mean what do you do every morning إيه؟
okay do you have any specific خطط you are practicing on الأجازة weekends الأسبوعية؟
طيب , بتسمع sure you listen أغاني songs .
okay can تحكيل tell us .. well do you بتحب reading ?
طب هل ممكن you tell تحكيلنا عن قريته؟ last book you have read ? was كان in إنجليزي ولا arabic ? و can it be if there is something about it that affected you .
okay , can you تحكيلنا تحكيلنا about the last movie you اتفرجت watched ? or which movie do you like و أثر affected you ? and can it be to تحكيلنا us about قصته؟ about قصته؟ that affected عجبك .
okay have you سافرت abroad before ?
okay ممكن you tell us about which countries have you سافرتها to ? و which معالم سياحية did you like the اكتر ? and which مكان did you like اكتر most و want to visit it again تاني؟
طيب هل did you عملت friends هناك؟ ? ولو yes , are you بتتكلموا in contact ولا not ?
okay can you tell us عن a domestic trip في egypt مصر، مكان you have traveled in egypt و you felt that that it ده a good place and تنصح would recommend it to بيه people and so on ?
طيب what if you got فرصة opportunity فرصة منحة scholarship أو for immigration abroad مصر، would جتلك تحب that or not لأ؟ and .. and why ?
okay is أنت any role model in حياتك؟ life ? في can be for مثلا % k .. لو we talk about الاجتماعية الحياة or for example your life في college ?
okay can you تعيش without موبايل؟ موبايل؟ ? and وليه؟ وليه؟
okay can you tell us what do you do in your day when تصحي wake up , what 's your daily routine ?
okay do عندك have any certain hobbies that you like practicing في your leisure time or anytime ?
okay do you like more listening to english or arabic songs ?
طيب do عندك have a favorite movie أو singer that you like listening to ?
could you تحكيلنا تحكيلنا about the فيلم of the movie you watched and you liked the most ?
okay what if you got the opportunity to تسافر abroad في a scholarship أو for immigration , would you like to do that ? or would you تحب prefer to settle in egypt مصر؟
طيب إنت do you like تقرا؟ ?
look i like reading but i 'm so much lazy in reading but i like reading .
تقرا do you بتفضل reading arabic ولا english books إنجليزي؟
look it depends on the context for example لو i will read an arabic book and it 's a novel , so فآه لو the novel يعني is oriental so فهقراها will read it from .. from arabic كاتب .
but if there is something scientific definitely , will ابقى هفضل english so as to متأكد sure that هي is a more reliable source no more .
okay is there anybody whom you consider مثل a role model in حياتك؟ life ? حد you look up to and you want to be like him and to learn something زيه him ?
طيب there فيه a question بيقول would you rather be liked or respected ? which one would تحترمك؟ choose و why ?
can you tell us what 's your daily routine when you wake up تصحى the morning بتاعك؟ and what do you usually بتعملي in the اول of the day ?
wow
do عندك have certain hobbies or certain plan بتحبي like practicing on the الأسبوعية؟ الأسبوعية؟
do you like reading in arabic or بالإنجليزي؟ english ? and would you share us with any book you like reading ? ومقولة a favorite quote for example or anything to be said مقولة؟
okay , so now انك have mentioned that you will quit working as a ta
what would you like to work ? إيه إيه your dream job ?
okay
okay , do عندك have a role model or role model in .. in your life for example whether at college or outside الجامعة؟ ?
okay do you consider yourself an easy person to talk to or ولا .. or a صعب person to ice break with or an easy person to talk to معاكي when you get to know new people فيها؟
okay , there is سؤال question about would you rather be محبوب or respected ? which one would تحترمك؟ choose and why ?
في class as a ta for example .
طيب بتصحى can you tell تحكلنا what do you do every الصبح when you wake بتاعك؟ ? إيه 's your daily اليومي ?
okay , do you have any specific plans في الأجازة الأجازة الأسبوعية or هوايات بتحب you like practicing or so كده؟
okay do بتحب بتحب القراية؟ ?
طيب do you تفتكر the last book قريته have read was in إنجليزي or in عربي؟ ? أو did it affect you حاجة؟
a قصة for example مثلا
okay could you tell us about the story of the last movie you have watched إيه؟ عليه؟
okay have you traveled abroad before كده؟
okay can you tell us about an internal trip in مصر، to a place that you liked ?
okay , what if you got an opportunity to travel دراسية for a scholarship or for immigration would إنك توافق and like doing that أو would إنك much تفضل to settle in egypt ?
okay have حياتك passed by a بوقت which you felt was a turning point تحول؟ before which you was بتفكر بطريقة a certain way but later on your شخصيتي and تفكيري mindset changed ?
okay when you were a student إن you prefer to work individually on a project ولا to work in مجموعة as a team كفريق؟
okay what if أنه في the team was خصل أحبط and felt that you will not be done or so بترفعوا did you % ب .. keep up الروح spirit to تكملوا؟ going ?
okay do you عندك a أعلى model in your life ? someone who is your مثلك الأعلي in certain حاجة ?
طيب there is a question about would you rather be liked or respected which one would you choose ?
do n't بتحس مش إن إنه too much into technology would تبقى the communication between people أوي؟
ممكن you choose anything تقنعنا persuade تقنعنا of ?
anything
i 'm totally convinced
thank you .
okay can you tell us عن your daily routine ?
what do you do when بتصحى get up in the morning ?
okay ممكن تحكيلنا tell تحكيلنا what do you do on الأجازات weekends ? what plans do you have او what الخطط do you like practicing تمارسها؟
okay , do you بتحب reading تقرا؟
okay can you tell us about the last movie you have watched او اكتر movie اتفرجت liked the most و liked its story which affected you بيها؟
okay , of course you listen to اغاني .
okay can you تقولنا us do you like listening to arabic or إنجليزي songs and what is the name of your favorite singer for example او a song that تسمعله؟ like ?
okay can you tell us .. tell us about a place that you رحلة in egypt and liked it ?
هو السؤال means do you feel that this موقف changed your mindset or ( ( that before حصلك used شخص in certain way and then you totally changed ) ) i يعني my character changed not only at الجامعة، , i mean the السؤال is in general .
okay at college do you بتحب working in مجموعة or to work individually علي a project , and why ليه؟
okay do you have a role model in your life or i mean مثل role model
okay is there certain شخص، الشخص you مش n't deal with ده؟
i mean معين trait that you do n't like the other الشخص to have so you متأكد quite متأكد that you ده n't be able to deal with him or صعب 's hard اتعامل deal with معاه،
طيب، can تقوللي tell us about something that your طيب، % by .. criticize you on ?
something your parents highlights that you have to change or لازم modify تغيرها تصلحها
i believe انا well that you انت بتتكلم من منظور ميكانيكية، perspective , vehicles عربيات، wires , and so whereas حاسبات science is not limited to this .. in computer science there is software , game development مواقع، web development many things that are far بعيدة عن robot programming or vehicles البرمجة or so .
okay can you start by telling مدرستك about خلفيتك، background خلفيتك، where are you originally from , and مدرستك your school national or international دولية؟ ?
okay can تحكيلنا tell us how do you بتعملي your day ? what 's بتعملي اليومي routine بتاعك؟
do عندك have certain plans on الأجازة weekend ? or for example do عندك have certain hobbies that you like practicing ?
okay do you like listening to music ?
okay do you like reading ?
طيب can yo us about الموضوعات topics you search ? i mean that .. that you مهتم بتبحث عليها؟ ?
الاصطناعي
okay ممكن you tell us عن the last فيلم you watched or about the movie you liked the most أو could you tell تحكيلنا the قصته of the movie you like the most بتحبيه،
okay have you ever traveled abroad برا؟
okay have you traveled internally inside egypt ? have you visited for example luxor و الأقصر أسوان، , dahab ?
okay can تحكيلنا tell us about a رحلة that you have سافرتيها , what did you do فيها , and if there مثلا a مثلا place you have visited and عملتي liked it عجبك
okay , can you tell تقوليلنا which period have you felt that that it 's a turning point تحول؟
إنه were before .. someone and بعديها after this moment yo u became someone else or your mindset changed and if that changed something in your character tell قوليلنا as well .
okay when you were at الجامعة or even now do لوحدك like working more in teams و لوحدك work individually على أي مشروع؟ ? و why ?
okay do you have a role model ? في example in your work الأعلى شغلك، in your الإجتماعية؟ الإجتماعية؟ in general الإجتماعية؟ is إنتي someone that you like and want to be like him in one aspect of his personality حاجة؟
okay there is question بيقول would you rather be liked or respected ? تختاري one would you ليه؟ ?
okay can تقولنا tell us how do يومك start أزاي، day أزاي، and what ايه الروتين daily routine when بتاعك get up in الصبح؟ morning ?
طيب مثلا you are الأغاني بتبقى english or arabic songs , and can you tell us which song do you like most and أكتر singer do you like listening to ?
okay would you like reading ?
do you like writing عن certain topics ? ممكن you show us some of your writings ?
can you tell تقولنا about لو you .. graduate god 's willing what 's your dream job ? i يعني do نفسك see yourself بتشتغل in .. in a company مثلا example software development or web development or game development or do you want هتعمل make masters or i يعني would you join academic field or هتخش you join في practical life and work in a private agency and so ?
طيب have you ever tried to do internships or تشتغل work جزئي or full-time somewhere else than the other place you did the التدريب that you told us about can you tell us about أزاى؟ experience how was عامله like ?
طيب out of بتاعتك experience do you think which انت better شايف working الحياة or your life as a الجامعة طالب أحسن؟ and why .. why did you choose this اختيارك , explain هتختار did you choose this الإختيار ?
طيب can you tell us about a moment in حياتك life that was a turning point بالنسبالك، before which your life كنت moving in حاجة certain حتة while بعدها this moment you changed your ده after this moment your character changed and so on .
okay في college would you like to work projects in groups ولا do you بتحب to تشتغل individually and .. and why ليه؟
طيب do you have a حد model in .. مثلا example in your دراستك أو in your social life in general الأجتماعية، is there somebody who is your role مثل in certain field ?
okay there في سؤال question بيقول هتختار you rather be محبوب ولا respected , which one would you choose and why ليه؟
انا is there certain trait in .. في others that you ca n't deal with قدامي؟
okay , أيه situation makes فيه anxious , تحس mean what irritates you ? or which موقف موقف general makes اتحطيت irritated عامة؟
طيب , have you ever tried to تتكلم in english in a situation that do n't know the .. the topic you are talking about and to speak too much إنجليزي كلمات تحسس make others feel that انك understand everything and so on كده؟
شكرا you
okay can you tell us what do يومك do every morning ? what ايه your daily routine ? when you بتاعك؟ up إيه؟ do you do إيه؟
okay this كلام very جميل
okay have تقرى ever tried reading before ?
would you like reading القراية؟
okay would you prefer طب in عربى or in english ?
تمام طيب , is there any quote or say you have read مقولة a book that you liked وعجبتك like to وعجبتك بيها in your حياتك؟ حياتك؟
okay , no problem ?
do you like listening to songs ?
okay can you tell us the name of your favorite singer أو band you like قوليلنا to تسمعيلها
okay can you tell us about the أخر فيلم you have عليه أو a movie اتفرجتى you عليه و like تتفرجى watch it several مرة i mean you وفرقت the قصته as it affected you وتحكى can you لنا لنا the story of this movie ?
okay have you ever traveled abroad before ?
okay can you tell us where do you want to travel فين؟ and why وليه؟
which country would you like تروحيها؟ visit ?
yes , this is right .
okay طيب can you تحكيلنا us about سفرية trip that was internally in مصر and the sightseeing شوفيتيها have watched % kt .. for example مثلا have been روحتى a temple in certain place or have you been روحتى a place where there are nice natural scenes .
تمام لو what if you got the opportunity for a scholarship or for a job offer تسافرى travel abroad .. would you accept that ولا would you to settle here with your parents in egypt .
okay have you felt in لحظة moment إنها it was a turning point تحول؟
طيب at الجامعة did you like working individually or فى .. in teams على any project مشروع؟ and why ليه؟
okay there is a question says would أنك rather تكون liked و respected ? which one would you choose أنهى؟ and why ?
طيب do عندك have a role model مثل your life ? someone شغلك، consider مثل a role model in .. can be at work , it can be حياتك your social life الاجتماعية، فى home .
okay so answer then .
اه
okay can you tell us بتبدأي do you start your day ?
and i go to sleep .
طيب عندك you have certain hobbies that you like practicing or do you have certain plans on the الأسبوعية؟ ?
okay do you like reading ?
okay in arabic or in english ?
طيب بتحبي do you like listening to songs ?
طيب , can you تحكيلنا us the story of a فيلم you have watched and you like it ؟ and why did it affect you ?
okay okay i will نسألها you a question بما you talked about this issue نسألها
في is a question which بيقول would you rather be liked و respected ?
which one would you choose وليه؟ وليه؟ ?
why ليه؟
okay .
طيب ايه which words can you تعليميهلها her while هي is صغيرة؟ ?
i mean would you هتعلميها her to express herself arabic or english or français and why ?
okay , when you were at college what would you like to تشتغلي ?
what was your dream job ؟
this is good .
but it has nothing to do with the بالتخصص؟ ?
okay
did you do internships or have اشتغلتي worked part-time or بدوام anywhere ?
طيب دلوقت what if we compared your life دلوقت to your شغلك as a student which is better ?
تمام
في people mentioned that because when عندك are عشان student you have a three month اجازة for مثلا ?
okay can تقولي tell us which moment did حياتك feel was أكتر turning point before قبلها your حياتك was في a certain direction and then .. ؟
okay did that change شخصيتك شخصيتك ?
okay
and why ?
طيب أوي have you ever faced a situation that you have to تتكلمي about موقف certain موضوع that you know nothing about , فحاولتي فحاولتي tried to interfere english words so as to pretend that you understand و to end the topic quickly ?
okay can you live غير a mobile and وليه؟ موبايل؟ وليه؟
okay can you choose anything and persuade us of ؟
anything .
that 's it .
okay here you go اتفضلي
i did n't أعرف this info دي
it 's فيه .
thank you
okay , can you tell us what do you do every morning ? what 's your daily routine ?
okay do you have certain hobbies that you بتحب practicing or do you have certain plans on the weekend ?
okay .
okay can you tell عندك about a مقولة that you have read before and you like it , and affected you ? i mean مقولة quote that you like applying in your life ?
okay , can you tell تحكيلنا about the a movie أنت أنت بتحبه و like بتحبه story ? or أخر last movie you have watched ?
تمام، طيب، do you have a certain book that you have read قريته و influenced you ?
okay , what would you like to work when you % ت .. تتخرج؟ تتخرج؟ what أيه بتاعتك؟ الأحلام الأحلام بتاعتك؟
okay , did you do internships في before or did you work part-time أو دوام جزئي في ? and if yes , لو you tell us about بتاعتها؟ experience بتاعتها؟
طيب، do you think your working life is much أحسن or your life as a طالب ? is before تتخرج differ than after تتخرج and which أحسن better and why ?
طيب، , can you تقولي us is there any moment in your life that you felt .. was تحول؟ turning نقطة تحول؟
okay , who is your حياتك؟ model في life ? ممكن can be a role model at .. at شغلك، شغلك، it can be .. او sorry at college , or it can be in your social حياتك . do you see someone for example who is .. بيتعامل with others in certain way for example و you want to be like him زيه؟
تمام، أنهي , okay there was a question would you rather تكون liked or respected which one would you choose ?
because i feel that he is not predictable , he can bark و يعضك you at any وقت .
okay thank you .
طيب اليومي can you tell بتاعتك؟ about your daily routine بتاعتك؟ بتصحى do you do when you get up in the morning إيه؟
okay do you have certain هوايات that you like practicing ?
تمام طيب do you like القراية؟ القراية؟
okay do you remember what was أخر أخر book you have read ? or the book that for example فرق the most impact on you ? and whether فيه is in english أو arabic ? and لو you can share us with a quote for example that you like .
okay , .. do you like watching أفلام or can you tell us the story of the أخر فيلم you اتفرجتى watched ?
okay do you like listening to music أغانى؟ and if yes do you بتحبيه to arabic or english أغانى؟ as well ?
okay have you ever tried joining نوادي؟ at college ? was it for charity ولا بالرياضة؟ خيري example ?
okay what if you did n't find a job at college what would be your dream job ? what would نفسك like to work ?
okay did you do internship before anywhere ?
okay in your opinion which do you like more working life or حياتك life when you were طالبة؟ student ?
و .. and why do you شايفه in that ? for example is من terms of responsibilities or المسؤوليات، .
okay who is your role .. role model in your life , at work in فى الجامعة in حياتك practical life ?
okay there أن a question would you rather تكوني liked و تفضلي which one would أنك choose ? and why ?
okay بتعتبري do you consider نفسك an سهل شخص to deal with أو i sit صعب to تتعامل to know عليكي or to يكسروا break في you بينكوا؟
which quality do you بتحبيها اكثر most نفسك؟ yourself ? and why ? that نفسك؟ never want to change it .
okay what is the most trait if .. أو quality if found in the other شخص it تبقى be صعب to deal مع because قدامك do n't like or اتقبله؟ such طبع
okay is there اهلك your family criticize you on بينتقدوها؟
for example clean up أوضتك room or stop doing % t .. this thing for example ..
okay well can you tell me something about yourself that you بتعتبريها it weird something weird ?
can you tell us what do you do every morning and أيه 's بتاعك؟ daily routine ?
do you have certain plans on the weekends ? or فى example do you have معينة hobbies that you like practicing تمارسيها؟
okay can you tell us do you like reading can you tell us بتحبى you like تقرى in بالعربى or in english ? or which type of books do you like reading ? which كتاب do you like reading يعنى most i mean that you like وممكن can read تقريه again تانى؟
okay do you like على movies and can you tell us about أخر last movie you have watched أو can you tell us about the story of a فيلم that you like .
okay you have said ان you were n't never expecting تشتغلى work as مدرس ta , what كانت بتاعتك؟ dream job بتاعتك؟
okay تمام
طيب can you tell تحكيلنا if you did an internships قبل can you tell تحكيلنا about what did you used to do ? what what were your tasks ?
طيب okay would you prefer working الحياة or your life as a طالبة أحسن mean من terms مثلا days off for example , in terms المسؤوليات؟ المسؤوليات؟ ? and .. and why do you تفضلى بتاعك؟ بتاعك؟
okay when you were فى college did yo you prefer working في فريق or individually على any project ? and .. and why ?
طيب who is مثلك role model at .. for مثلا في college or i mean when you were studying or برا حياتك حياتك life ? do you have a مثل model and so ?
okay there is a question would you لا be liked و respected which one will you choose ? and why ليه؟
طيب can you tell us أيه do you بتعمل كل يوم ? what أيه your اليومي اليومي ?
تمام مثلا do you have certain things to do on الأسبوعية ? or for example do عندك have certain hobby that you like practicing ?
okay , well ممكن you تقولنا us what 's your favorite هي ?
تسمع do you like listening to أغانى؟ أغانى؟
okay can you tell us arabic or إنجليزي؟ songs ? or is there certain نوع that you like listening ?
طيب can you tell us the story of a movie that you have عليه و حبيته؟ liked it حبيته؟ or the most recent movie you have watched حبيته؟ you أتفرجت .
تمام طيب do you بتحب reading تقرا؟ or have you ever read any books before ?
okay can you tell us in which لغة؟ do you like رواية أدب؟ ?
okay what if you did n't work as a ta or أنت you were مساعد student أنت was your dream job ?
okay ممكن you tell us about طيب experience you gained .
okay can you تقولى us do you like more the working life or your الحياة as a طالب؟ ? i mean which one is much better حياتك حياتك ? نفسك you like to return back as a student or would you like تشتغل؟ go on تشتغل؟ ? and why ?
ممكن can be in terms المسؤوليات، المسؤوليات، المسؤوليات، days off .
okay أيه moment in your life حسيت حياتك felt was a تحول؟ point تحول؟
طيب حسيت did you feel that ده something in your character ?
تمام أنت when you were at college did you like working in teams ولا do you like بتحب work individually on اى project ?
is there certain سبب for معين؟ ?
is there anybody that you ممكن تعتبره your role model ? سواء at work or in your practical life العملية؟
okay
okay there is a بيقول about would you rather be liked or تحترمك؟ ? which one would you choose ?
but for مثلا and أنت you for مثلا teaching الطلاب class would you like students to يحبوك you more or it does n't matter but to respect you أنهم much important ?
okay ممكن you tell us what do you بتعملى when you get up every morning ?
what 's your daily routine ?
okay well do you have certain hobbies that you like طيب تمارسيها ?
but to be the first ones
okay لما you read do you like تقرى in بالعربى or in english ? and is there certain type of writing do you like ?
تمام بتحبى طيب do you like listening أغانى songs .
okay okay can تحكيلنا tell تحكيلنا a bout a movie that انتي like watching or you أتفرجتى watched more كذه once , can أحكيلنا أحكيلنا أحكيلنا قصته قصته ?
okay
and when you were at college have دخلتى joined قبل any clubs or have كنتى participated in any student activities ?
okay can تقوليلي tell تقوليلي if there is لحظة moment in your life that you felt was a turning point ?
okay when you were at college did you كنتى working in groups or كنتى you like working individually on projects ? and why ليه؟
do you consider yourself someone سهل to talk to , or is it hard for others to deal with you , can أنه instantly get to know you or do they بيبقى time for ice breaking ?
can you tell us how do you بتبدأ your day ازاي؟ أيه 's your daily اليومي بتاعك؟
okay do you بتحب listening تسمع arabic و english songs and do you عندك معينة band or مغني that تحب تحب تسمع to ?
بيبقي عندك do you have certain خطط or معينة things to do في الأجازات weekends ?
okay do you like reading ?
okay is there any مقولة that you have read في مقولة كتاب and you liked it or you like applying in your life حياتك؟
which book have you read the most and if yo u can بسرعة tell us about its story ?
which movie have you watched and liked قصته؟ story ? and if you would like can you tell us قصته؟ story ?
okay can بتاعتك tell تقولنا about what 's .. your dream job if you were not working as مدرس ta in the university ?
okay okay can you tell us about an experience that you gained في an تدريب that you did قبل أو from a part-time او دوام كامل؟ شغل ?
okay do you much تفضل the العملية life , the working life or your life as a طالب؟ ? and why ?
okay , which moment do you حسيت حسيت a تحول؟ point تحول؟
okay do you feel أنه this غير something in your character شخصيتك؟
okay okay و you were at college كنت you like الشغل in teams or do you like working on projects individually لوحدك؟ ليه؟
okay do you have a role أعلى in your life ? سواء بتدرس بتدرس at college أو in your practical life برا؟
okay تفضل is a question would you rather be liked or respected ? which الناس would you choose and why ?
and i get أقتنعت
thank شكرا
okay , can you tell us what are you doing every morning ? what إيه your اليومي routine ?
طيب , do you خطط certain plans in the weekends or certain الأجازات هوايات بتحب you like to practice ?
تمام طيب , do أنت like listening to أغاني؟ ?
okay , do you like تسمع to بالعربي و english ? and can you تقولنا تقولنا if عندك عندك a favorite song or مغني or a certain band you would like to بتحب ?
تمام طيب , do you like to read ?
okay ليه have you جربت .. if جربت tried reading you would read in arabic و بالإنجليزي؟ بالإنجليزي؟ and why did you choose this language ?
okay , can you tell us about a فيلم you watched and you liked its plot , the most movie you like أو the last one ?
okay , لما you grow up , get married and have بيها؟ , هتحب would like to join تتدخلهم to a قومية ولا international school ? and what language يدرسوا will يدرسوا بيها؟ and ده؟ ده؟
okay , if you .. you have said that since you were young , you want to تبقى an actor or a مخرج , so the opportunity .. .. .. besides التمثيل , do you have وظيفة dream job ?
okay , have you tried to تعمل an تدريب أو work full-time or دوام جزئي؟ ?
okay , in رأيك opinion working life أحسن أحسن ولا حياتك كالحياة now as a student المسؤليات؟ in terms of for example الأجازات or responsibilities ?
okay , have you felt in a moment in your حياتك إنه it was a تحول؟ نقطة تحول؟ before قبلها you بتفكر بتفكر in a certain way أو seeing حياتك life going in a direction و then it became in another اتجاه or something في your personality تحول؟
okay وانت now while you are in الجامعة , would you like to work on projects in teams or individually لوحدك؟ و ليه؟ ?
تمام , is there مثلا you consider him مثل ideal سواء in your دراستك، life , your college , your حياتك حياتك or في your direction in acting ? في حد anyone who is your role model في حاجة معينة؟ thing ?
okay , here is a question which asks would أنك rather be liked و respected ? which one will you choose انهي؟ وليه؟ why ?
okay , can you تقوليلنا us what are you doing every يوم ? what 's your daily routine ?
براحتك you like
okay , do you بيبقى certain plans in the الأجازات الأسبوعية، or certain hobbies that you like to practice ?
okay , do you like reading ?
طيب , do you like to read in arabic or in english ? and ممكن you تقوليلنا us a book which you liked .. a book that you مثلا أثرت or في certain quote that you read في قريتيها and affected you and بتمشي it as an approach ?
you confused me
okay , ممكن you tell us the قصة of one of the two books ?
okay بتسمعي do you بتسمعي to songs ?
طب , do you like listening to english or arabic songs عربي؟
okay , for example which song you like the أكتر , or مغني singer you love the most ?
okay , we all love amr diab
okay , can you تحكيلنا تحكيلنا the story of a movie that you like and affected you or the last movie you عليه ?
okay ليه when you grow up و have ولاد، , هتحبي would like تدخليهم تدخليهم تدخليهم to a national or international school ? و what language they will study ? and why ?
okay , when تكبرى، grow up بتاعتك، what is your طيب، job ? where you تشتغلي to work ?
what do ايه؟ want to do ?
okay , for example siemens هو a company that فيها all المجالات، , it contains engineers , hr and everything , فيها مش .. what you want to work في سيمنز for example ? to do .. to code .. .. do
جميلة are pretty
okay , في college , would بتحبي like to work in groups or do you like to تشتغلي on project individually ? and ليه؟ ?
but , do not you مابتحسيش like if you worked in a group , you may .. اللي mate في the المجموعة does not finish his task تنقصوا، so فأنتوا تأخدوا get low grade ?
i mean some people said أنه working on my own is much better as i ببقى ببقى عارفاها، time as i want , and if i أعتمدت on someone , we may not مواعيدنا able to أعتمدت on the same dates or someone may مايشتغلش؟ ?
okay , here is سؤال question which بيقول would you rather be liked or respected ? which one will تحترمك choose ? and ليه؟ ليه؟
liked
ليه؟ ?
okay , who is your role الأعلى for مثلا in your study , in your practical life or in ال .. في volley which you play , he may be a celebrity , حد of your العيلة، or somebody حد is teaching you in the college ?
okay , ..
thank شكرا
طيب، , can تحكيلنا تحكيلنا تحكيلنا about هوايات تمارسها؟ that you like to practice ?
okay , do you like تسمع to songs ? and if أه , would أه like to hear in arabic or in english ?
تمام , is there a معين singer you يتحب to his songs ? or a certain song you like to بتحب to ?
okay , can you تحكيلنا تحكيلنا about قصته movie that you watched and you liked its plot and influenced عجبك معاك
okay , can you tell تحكيلنا when .. i يعني when you were young , what كان your dream job ? and now , بعد بتاعتك؟ دخلت your college , what would you like to work ?
okay , can you tell us about an internship you have took before أو a place where you أشتغلت full-time أو part-time in it جزئي؟
تمام , would تفضل rather the practical life , when you will graduate and have a job , i mean the working المهنية or your life in college as you are still a student ?
well , أنت you ever traveled abroad كده؟
okay , can you tell تقولنا where did you travel ? ممكن mean what countries did you روحتها before or if أيه is a مكان you liked and عايز مثلا go تانى؟ again ?
is there a certain country you want to visit ?
تمام أيه , why ?
طيب , if you get a scholarship opportunity or a job abroad , will جتلك ترفض ولا not ? and why ?
طيب , ممكن you tell us about a place you visited in egypt that you liked it ? tell us about the experience in it ?
did you visit any place there ? alexandria مكتبة for example الأسكندرية؟
okay طيب can you tell us about a moment in your حياتك that you felt that it is a تحول point ?
okay , did this change anything in your personality ?
okay , في college , do you like working في فريق و individually in .. on أي project ? and why ?
okay , is there عندك you consider him your حد , a role model in a certain thing , let نقول say in your career , your college , your life , your الكنيسة، or في home ?
okay , here في a question which asks would you rather تكون liked or محبوب ? which one will تحترمك choose ? and why ?
okay , can you tell us about الروتين daily routine ? what do you do every morning when you wake up ?
okay , do you used to do حاجة certain thing في الأجازات weekends ? do you have certain plans ?
okay , you said that you used to read , can you tell تحكيلنا عن the book that you are reading لغة؟ أو in general , in which language would you like تقرأ بتقراه , arabic for مثلا؟ ? english ? which لغة؟ لغة؟ and .. و أيه type would you like تقراه، read , let us نقول literature or .. or a novel for example or what أيه؟
okay , would you like تشجع تشجع a particular sport أو play رياضة certain رياضة ?
okay , do you بتحب تسمع to songs ? و if yes , would you بتحب بتحب to بالعربي و بالإنجليزي english songs و can you تقولنا عندك about تقولنا مثلا أغنية ?
okay طيب can you تحكيلنا us about a فيلم you عليه و its story influenced you فيك أو the last movie أتفرجت أتفرجت for example ?
well ممكن what do تقولنا want to do when نفسك finished your college ? أيه is your dream job ?
تمام , can you tell us عن an internship you have took أخدتها أو a full-time or a part-time job ده؟ and أيه أيه الخبرة الخبرة that you got from that الشغل ?
well , in your opinion , which is better ? working life يعني your life as a student ?
okay , have you ever traveled قبل ?
.. , is there a certain country نفسك want تسافرها؟ travel to ?
تمام , is there حابب specific place you want تزوره visit there البلد؟ that 's why you want حابب go to this country ?
okay , can you tell us about a travel you did inside egypt هناك؟ and tell us about the experience هناك؟ هناك؟
تمام , can you تحكيلنا us about a period في your life in حياتك you حسيت that it is a turning point ?
when i switched
okay , did you feel that ده changed anything in your personality ? tell أحكيلنا كده has changed ?
تمام طيب , in college , do لوحدك like working في فريق or individually on أي project ? and ليه؟ ?
but , some people said that if they worked in .. in teams مثلا example , أنت ca n't تعتمد on them , so i would rather take the responsibility مسئولية the whole project , so why أتحمل choose to تختار with a team ?
تمام
okay , is there anyone you consider him your حد في your حياتك ? whether in the college or in حياتك practical حياتك العملية؟
why ?
insisting
okay , here is a question which asks would you rather be محبوب or محبوب ? أن الناس will you choose ليه؟ and why ليه؟
why ليه؟
well , do you consider yourself a person who people can talk معاه him easily or لا صعب to break the ice with you بينكوا، and why ?
okay , أنك أنك have difficulty to deal with people of different social levels ?
بمعنى بمعنى that you بتعرف not deal مع ناس for example who are higher or أقل than منك at the social level ?
تمام , what is the personal trait that you like the most in yourself and you do not want it تتغير change at all أبدا؟
okay , is there a معينة صفة or a nature لو you found في a person , no way you can deal مع him ? و mean a trait that you تبقى not like to be in the person who قدامك؟ are dealing with قدامك؟
okay , can you tell us about موقف most common situation you can be nervous about فيها؟
يعني do you act at the .. at this time ?
okay , have you tried before talking مع someone in english و acting like you can understand him just to keep on track و originally you do n't بتتكلم the topic ?
okay , can you تعيش من غير mobile ? and why ?
طيب , can you choose something and تقنعنا us of it ? تختار the last question
we too , رب
well طيب، can you تحكيانا us about how your يومك begins ? أيه is your daily routine ?
تمام طيب، , ممكن you tell تحكيلنا عن the series that you are عليه , its story , or if you want to tell us about the story of a فيلم أتفرجت you أتفرجت and affected you ?
well , do you like listening تسمع songs ?
okay , do you like listening to arabic or english songs ? and can you tell us if you have a معينة song or a singer you like listening to ?
تمام طيب، , طيب، تقرا do you بتحب تقرا ?
okay can تحكيلنا tell تحكيلنا أيه do you do في الكروسفيت؟ الكروسفيت؟ ?
can you تقولنا us what أنت أيه dream job , what would نفسك ممكن to work when you grow up ?
okay , did you take any steps to achieve this dream او ان would reach it out ?
okay طيب، you mentioned أنت كنت worked جزئي .. are you part-time now ?
في your رأيك life is أحسن better as a مهنية life ولا as a طالب life أحلى؟
حسيت can you tell us about a لحظة when حياتك feel that it was a turning point ?
okay did you feel that it غير your personality when you took القرار decision ?
okay there في a question would you rather be liked or respected , which one do تحترمك، choose و why ?
تمام okay when you were at college did you like to work in teams or ليه، on any project , and why ?
okay , do عندك have any role الأعلى in .. سواء in study , or في your life in general , for example في التمثيل التمثيل that you want to توصلله، , do you have any role model ?
okay , can you tell us what do you do when you get up every morning ? what أيه الروتين اليومي اليومي ?
okay , بيبقى عندك عندك certain plans في the الأسبوعية؟ الأسبوعية؟ for example certain hobbies that you like to practice ?
okay تمام، طيب، okay do you like reading تقرا
okay طيب، ممكن you تقولنا us do you like بتحب in arabic or in بالإنجليزي and if there في a book that has an impact on معاك، for example لو مثلا is a quote you get from it that you بتحب applying in your حياتك؟ ?
تمام okay طيب، do you بتحب listening to songs ?
okay طيب، do you like listening تسمع arabic or english songs and مين is أكتر singer do you like listening to the most تسمعله؟
there is nothing in specific .
can you تحكيلنا us about the movie story الفيلم، the movie انت has the greatest impact on فيك and لو there مافيش no specific movie can you tell us about the story of the last movie أتفرجت أتفرجت watched عليه؟
can you tell us القصة بتاعته؟ story بتاعته؟
okay after finishing college what would تخلص like to work ? what 's your الأحلام job .
what .
تمام طيب can you tell us about part-time job or full-time job that you worked i يعني أو لو you did an تدريب can you tell us about the experience أزاي؟ gained .
okay do you think في working life أحسن أحسن than your life as a طالب؟ ?
why ?
can you tell us أيه period in your life that you felt was a turning point تحول؟
okay and what did that change in شخصيتك character ?
okay when you were at college did كنت like working in فريق or لوحدك على any مشروع ?
ممكن تقولنا tell تقولنا why did you choose to work in teams .
do you ليك a role الأعلى؟ الأعلى؟ a role model في a معين؟ field ?
in study , في حياتك، , in ال .. the .. for example in a sport that you بتلعبها؟ بتلعبها؟
تمام okay there is a question would أنك rather be liked or تفضل , أن one would you choose and why ?
can you tell us what do you بتعمل كل morning , إيه 's your اليومي routine ?
تمام okay do you عندك certain hobbies بتحب you like practicing ?
okay do you like تقرا؟ ?
okay okay do you like listening to songs ?
okay can تحكيلنا tell تحكيلنا عن the movie you like the most and تحكيلنا us its story أو the last movie you have watched ?
okay طيب ايه what would you like to work after finishing your جامعة ? what 's your الأحلام job .
okay did you take تدريب قبل anywhere or to work full-time or جزئي؟ ?
طيب from your own point of view is working life better ولا your life as a طالب، , و why ليه؟
حسيت can you tell تحكينا about a لحظة that you felt انه a تحول؟ point ?
okay did you feel that it غير something in your character ?
okay okay when you were at الجامعة كنت you like working in teams ولا individually on any project , و why ?
okay , do you have a role model , a role الأعلى in your life whether in study , في your social life , في home ?
okay do you consider .. sorry .. there is a question would you rather be liked or تفضل , which one would you choose and ليه؟ ?
انتي do you have certain hobbies that you like practicing ?
okay do you بتحبي reading ?
do you بتقري in arabic ولا in english ? is there a specific book مثلا has a great impact on you that you would like to tell us what كان it about ?
okay % bt تتفرجي like watching movies of طبعا .
okay can you tell us what was the movie اتفرجتي have watched and had a great أثر on فيكي، , can you briefly تحكيلنا تحكيلنا the story أو tell us about the last movie you watched if there is no specific فيلم actually يعني؟
okay can تقوليلنا تقوليلنا تقوليلنا what نوع of songs do you بتسمعيها to and whether they are in بالعربي or in english or in other language or for example لو there is certain أغنية that you تحبيها أو certain singer that you like listening بتسمعيله؟ ?
okay is there معينة quote that you like applying in حياتك life or بتمشي are following ?
okay انتي تتخرجي what would you like to work ? what 's your الأحلام الأحلام ?
بس حاسبات حاسبات is vague برضه، well برضه، i mean it includes for example software development برمجيات، game development الألعاب، web development المواقع، مافيش is no معينة؟ thing ?
طيب can you tell us about خبرة experience أخدتيها gained في doing internship or for example from part-time or full-time work كامل؟
طيب أنتي in your opinion working life أحسن much أحسن or your حياتك as a student at college ?
some كانت said for example that the student حياة is أقل، أحسن because of the الأجازات , the three month شهور أجازة، is granted , or because أحنا low responsibility . i أنا ممكن not to study at الجامعة، but at work i 'm committted to a deadline and فأنتي have to work so as not to get fired ماترفدش، so أيه؟ do you رأيك ?
okay can you tell us about لحظة moment في which you feel إنها it إنها a turning point تحول؟
طيب حسيتي did you feel that ده changed your character ?
okay when you were at college did you like working in groups or do بتحبي like working individually on any project , and ليه؟ ?
انتي do عندك have a role mode , someone who is a role model in certain thing whether in your social حياتك or في work .. sorry .. at college جامعتك؟
okay تفضل is a question would you rather be محبوب or respected , which الناس would you choose and why ?
okay can you tell تحكيلنا when you بتصحى up every morning what 's your اليومي routine بتاعك، what do you do ايه؟
can you tell us ايه نوع of music do you like listening to if you like listening to عربي ولا english or there is a certain band او someone that you listen to ?
no problem مشكلة، مش مشكلة
okay would you like reading ? have you ever tried تقرا قبل ?
okay
okay can you tell us عن a movie أنت أتفرجت have watched and that had a أثر impact on you ?
okay okay what would تكبر؟ like to تشتغل when you grow up ? أيه أيه your dream job after finishing college جامعة؟
okay okay can you تقولنا تقولنا about the خبرة you gained from the internship or from your part-time or اشتغلت دوام work that you did حتة؟
طيب أنهي through this experience which is better the working life or حياتك life as a university student ?
okay ممكن تحكيلنا tell us about لحظة moment in which you felt that it 's a تحول؟ point تحول؟
طب did you feel that غير changed your character ?
okay when you were at college كنت you بتحب working in فريق or بتشتغل individually على any project , and why ?
تمام طب do you have a role model whether في work , at college , or whether in حياتك life in general ?
someone a role model ?
okay تفضل is a question about would you rather be liked or respected أنك الناس would تحترمك تحترمك and why ?
okay can تحكيلنا tell تحكيلنا how do you بتبدأي your day what 's your daily routine إزاي؟ بتاعك؟
تمام طيب do عندك have certain خطط on الأسبوعية؟ ?
okay do بتحبي بتحبي reading تقري؟
okay can you تحكيلنا us about a movie that you have watched و اتفرجتي قصته قصته عجبتك، can you tell us قصة story ؟
do you like listening to songs ?
do you like listening تسمعي arabic or english and can تقوليلنا تقوليلنا us about the name of المغني singer you like ?
okay can بتاعتك تقوليلنا us about through experience do you like more working life or your الحياة as طالبة، student which one do you prefer ?
تمام انتي have you traveled برا قبل ?
طيب can you tell us where did you فين و .. and which country that you like did you visit the most and is there a place that نفسك تروحيه to تاني؟ again ?
okay ممكن you tell us which period في حياتك life did you feel is a turning point ?
حاسيتي ده did you feel that it changed أيه؟ in your شخصيتك ?
okay okay و لوحدك were في college did you بتحبي working في teams or كنتي كنتي like تشتغلي work individually على any project and why ?
طيب can you tell us who is your حياتك model , someone you consider a مثل model in in your حياتك whether at شغلك، شغلك، at بيتك، , in your الاجتماعية؟ life .
okay there في a question about would أنك rather be liked or respected ? which الناس would you choose و why ليه؟
okay do you consider yourself an سهل شخص بتحسي تتكلم with ولا do others neeed more time to break the ice with نفسك ?
okay لو صفة if found في others you would n't be able بتحبيها deal with these characters something you do هتعرفي like in others ?
national school .
and اتولدت اتولدت you born ?
in اسكندرية .
computer ومعلومات
smart ذكية
how to make the board or how to using laser pointer و it will be acted as a مؤشر that 's it .
what do you mean بعمل what do you do في your يومي ?
no i get up in the morning i dressed up و go to الجامعة، الجامعة، i take الباص، الباص، الباص، that 's it .
كل يوم، i يوم، up at six thirty a.m .
بروح go to gym
cooking
pasta مكرونة باستا
yes
it was in english
it was called مخطوطة found in accra
بتاع 's بتاع paulo كويلو
it had a جدا معايا on me
and it was about jerusalem before persaders invaded it .
and it was فيها ال ال feelings مشاعرهم fear anxiety
all these things before knowing that other people بتبقى invade their country دي
and this is their مشاعرهم .
and كل was talking and there was a philosopher that كان answering them back .
in this الكتاب ده؟
if i correctly remember there was something called be proud of بجراحك scars that 's it صح،
nobody
gym
i كنت in mun and i 'm older than you before it was called sife now it 's اسمه enactus .
بس are النشاطين two الأساسيين activities أنا i was enrolled in model of united nations and what we call now enactus إينكتيس
i was i was سكرتيرة secretary in the الأمن council and basically a نموذج of united nations .
they فأنت events to mimic تحاكي events of united المتحدة فكان which security council .
that was the position i was in charge of secretary position .
both
لا
no
مش do n't know
i would like to أشتغل as باحث researcher rather than مدرس مدرس actually .
did you do تدريبات قبل ايام college ..
كنت كنت in mun
in ibm
and .. and it was nice
and there was another training in siemens .
برضه was لطيفة as well but still i أكتر myself more in نفسي فيه .
اه , i can say حاجة like that
no , my life when i was a student at الجامعة
علشان i mean it was balanced .
فيها was درجة من freedom versus level of المسؤولية but not like now .
currently level of responsibility المسؤولية much higher .
فمافيش there is no المرونة نفس flexibility in time as زمان .
i want to return back as a student .
yes .
i have been to finland و turkey and المانيا المانيا
i have to say the last trip which هي german because i had اشتغلت well there and يعني كانت was very fruitful .
yes , i have to say yes .
yes , we are still in contact .
إقامة إقامة related to phd
my phd is تبع أمن security .
basically usable security means to have system that is both usable من terms of being مريح to للمستخدم user ان user should يعرف how to يستعمله it والإستخدام الوقت to be secured so as not مايبقاش يبقى vulnerable to different بأنواعها of attacks .
so basically we 're analyzing the different ways of الهجمات and we 're trying now بنحاول figure out usable way to secure the the الموبايل أنظمة .
yes , paris .
ماعرفش ماعرفش no idea و i feel that many كتيرة went there they كان تجربة تجربة so i can go there .
no , i would immigrate .
if it was n't german then it تبقى تبقى emirates إمارات
in هشتغل i هم معارف in these countries if عندي traveled actually i 'm يعني that i will travel , work and know exactly what i want to do بالظبط
but in emirates i have besides having already many غير actually , it is a promising market .
i went to dahab .
this is the fifth أو sixth مرة that أروح have been to dahab .
so فلأ هى 's beautiful
أنا like the country very much أوي
ماعملناش have اوي any activities actually in the آخر trip but definitely we went to blue balls three الثري بولز
everything in dahab actually
no
i mean my life مسار is not moving in this way .
definitely life هو not moving بسلاسة
but اعتقد think definitely everybody can face problems at work .
but i mean for مثلا i faced a problem at my master 's time .
بس that did n't hinder me from doing it .
afterwards i discovered أن it was something very strong .
but the problem that حصلتلي to me at that time كانت a big one and أياميها god i overcame تخطيتها actually .
no لوحدي
أنا 'm متحكم control of every aspect of the work so that ’ s why i اعتقد انه it is better to work on نفسي self on لوحدي own .
no , but is there a role model in certain field ?
i mean everyone i see is a role أعلى in certain field
can you ممكن examples if there حاجة thing that you want to say .
i mean so the so so in my life for example على the personal level i believe that أنا mother بشوف a great person .
at work i see that البروفيسور سليم مثلا example هو 's a very good teacher actually
i يعنى i learn something من everybody .
respected
i بعتبر myself an easy person to تتعامل معاه but you have to تسأل other people about it actually .
لا , at all
i مشكلة no problem at all in this issue .
no , بتعامل deal normally .
i do n't feel that there مشكلة any problem actually
المتملقين
yes أنا هم a term that i wo n't mention , عايزين people يبقوا want to impress their boss or or so so they kept يبهروا يطبلوله يطبلوله .
it 's that you 're you 're هايل
you عظيم great
you 're wow
بيكتر work الشغل بيكتر
i learned اتعلمت classify ومهمة into urgent and important
do you know urgent and important distribution ?
it is that if حاجة task is urgent and important it 's the first thing to be done .
urgent but not important it 's the second thing that should تتعمل done and so forth تانى
to hide that i do n't understand
yes , it happened .
no i mean , i يعني what was the الفعل ?
no لأ i think it passed that 's بس بس
no
no
because كل is there .
everything i need is there .
i need it for communication with الآخرين أتواصل mean
that بس it كده؟
okay
okay i used to live in fayoum till the أولى secondary then i moved to cairo because i was practicing في el bank al الأهلى club and .. .. k swimming يعنى .
خلصت i خلصت done there and i get to know my friends و other people and groups and so on and i عرفت to know that there is a university called جي .
أيا my total grade was i mean i enrolled here جابنى
whatever أيا total grade was يعنى mean i دخلت هنا in the university .
in the beginning i wanted to joined mechatronics
and then i joined تي
دلوقت يعنى أنا more interested in الموقع development
and i try to بحاول for new interests .
okay , أنا selected التخصص major i mean أنا was thinking at الأول about mechatronics .
i found that في أم as well frankly many of my friends enrolled there and i know كتير who graduated .
عملوا took the bachelor and did the masters abroad or in egypt so i liked the الفكرة يعنى .
و i حسيت that they are in so .. i اقدر join more than أم in إي تي
not .. it ملوش n't have great reputation
met يعنى different i mean
my بتاعى is تصديق verification لصور the online images .
it 's supposed that i زى online use and i have to make sure of the source whether بتاعها 's right or not .
i بشوف الصور الصور whether اصلا 're correct or not , photoshopped , faked , ( ( corrupted ) ) بأى any means of new editors أى any برنامج applied on the الصورة i can detect it أكشفة
باستخدم باستخدم several programming language not only واحدة which موجودة the only benefit in the bachelor .
ماليش do n't have a fixed routine .
i do n't حاجة something in particular to do كل يوم .
i can get up at seven in general أنا do n't sleep قليل so i can get up .. usually i get بصحى at خمسة بسبب of college and to catch the الأتوبيس and so on actually so i get used to do that .
i can أقوله you ممكن routine that i 'm getting used to أقوله
i was getting up , go to the exercise , return back أرجع have أفطر .
if i have classes at college i would practice في الجامعة .
and أكمل i أكمل the اليوم at college and stayed there till six او سبعة something like كده .
برجع i returned back by bus and since أنا ساكن بعيد away أنا i ساكن in بالأتوبيس شبرا so it takes الساعة so i returned back home at eight o'clock for example .
ع just eat و أتفرج anything on the internet on facebook , youtube anything and then i go to sleep .
on الأجازة weekend most of my weekend i spend in club or .. in club or بتاعي بقى أو meeting my friends or something like that but i do n't travel thank لله .
besides i 'm getting used to swim all time but ان انا do n't هعتبرها this a هواية يعنى يعنى هى more يعنى sport .
i read a lot .
and i like learning many languages as well برضه
there is more than one book but i can mention the most recent القريب .
a book اسمه the flinch
لجيمس james حاجة i do n't remember actually james what ?
هو 's عن the flinch when you 're تقلق when you تيجى about any trial to worry for example about jumping من the plane or doing anything ان is called الإحجام it means that you 're hesitated .
so how do you overcome it and how do تدوس تدوس on في anything or try anything and not to keep ماتستناش، , something like that .
i عجبنى it لإن it هو that you should n't wait something in specific تستنى start تشتغل، تشتغل، that 's it .
okay من i enrolled in الجامعة أنا joined two clubs ناديين
club enactus
in the النادي generally we are working على projects , not logistics , أو hr or something of that sort certain projects we 're حاجات charge of a project .
انا was شغال على a project called furny cards .
we كنا to deal with a big شركة related to decorations و كده .
كانت used to send us designs and we do furniture by باستخدام cards .
العربيات boards
and we know how احنا sell it and we used متعلمة or physically disabled or mentally to do the cards أو to make furniture and to sell يبيعوها so as to be a ربح for them .
i كان in another club as well but it was race cars السباق
he was مسئول مسئول يعمل organizing events
and there are events that are being بتتعمل here in the settlement .
we were responsible of organizing the events اللى join as an usher in most of المرشدين university activities .
this is most أغلب the activities i do at college actually .
i tried جربت الاتنين لوحدي طبعا مميزاته has مميزاته and team work has benefits but % ك .. يعنى يعنى على the long run of course it has to be team work جماعي
working individually توصل can reach to a لحظة and then تفصل تكمل everything and you do n't want to go on on حاجة عاوز تكمل quit .
no عمل works they encourage each others
they learn اكتر from الموضوع mistakes أخطائهم feel أن أنت learn
working individually there is no one to مفيش حد after you so you feel that انت 're sleeping actually .
most أغلب the الوقت english but بس can be arabic i like it i يعنى arabic that is little lebanon dialect او little far away than the egyptian culture actually .
or the old movies العربي we اتعودنا used to watch من time ago but now i 'm not following .
i يعنى؟ english ولا arabic ?
anything ?
the مغني مغني
ممكن can ممكن eminem
sometimes i was much listening to بسمعله because اوى like to enthusiasm myself during التمرين training so i فتعودت get used to that long time ago .
okay who else do i listen ل يا oh god ? i listen to fayrouz so much أوى
about school no i do n't think that انا will enroll them in a national school لإن انا was in a national school and there is no benefits .
and بعدين أنا saw دولية from international schools and i liked their way of thinking .
ممكن can be a german مدرسة ألماني
pardon تاىنى what is السؤال question once more ?
what are you going to teach هتعلمهم when they start speak ? which words would you teach them ? and بلغة ايه؟ language ?
هبعد will slightly go far away from اللغات issue of teaching them words in بلغة معينة اللغة besides the language you are using because it 's the اللغات they will تعلمهم هتستخدمها . i mean بعد on they can understand second languages .
فأغلب most of things are مأظنش عربي، ده، do n't think so i mean when we get far away from this topic we will not force you actually .
و that 's it once they started to understand the languages they ممكن understand more the meaning of the words and we can teach نعلمها the words in another language and the language اللى is not being used at home or the language that he can يستخدموها at school or somewhere else .
what نفسي really نفسي to do , i do n't أبقي to أبقي an موظف or أبقي mean by income أوبشتغل to work in certain company and to take income الشهر الشهر sorry salary monthly and i mean currently i 'm المرتب بفكر for أبقى رائد entrepreneur .
i took شويه courses in الأعمال شركة so as to know how أن تعمل مبتدئة how to make it abroad أو in country because i 'm not sure about لإني status of course .
but this is الفكرة point but دى dream job هى 's no it 's my dream company for مثلا my الأحلام organization مثلا than dream الأحلام .
which field ? at first i was thinking of web development because i took خبرة experience from the internship and ده took courses and so on .
but lately i mean مالقتش did n't find أن topic ..
it was not my great الاهتمام
فحاليا currently , i search and ask اللى برضه the major i enrolled in .. i دخلته in because of several factors it has several ways to learn several fields not only web development .
the سبب of my bachelor i enrolled in a field that 's totally مختلفة image processing to see ال .. as well the work field how would it be like .
but now there is دلوقت stage ان i 'm searching actually .
i worked as اشتغلت part-time for a while in the company i did before internship عملت عملت internship تلت three months .
and الشغل الشغل slightly liked my work and the المدير بتاعى he فعرض part-time دوام so i thought of trying it .
الشغل job is the same as the التدريب it was the same ساعات hours five days per week .
i used to باجى there at eight a.m .
it was a شركة located in dokki so it was slightly قريبة to my house .
ببدأ ببدأ to be like a tracker بنظبط adjust our schedule and so on actually يعني
and متواصل شغل i mean for example i مثلا مثلا work for example كل hour i used to take a break ربع 15 minutes break .
بنسأل ask each other more frequently it 's not a المكتب job and that 's it .
but i mean i liked الشغل job nature موجودة was في the company .
yes , الصراحة as a student at college يعني .
working life المهنية something amazing it 's جميلة but full of risks and then you 're alone so if things messed up so body you have to handle it alone يعني
so working life is definitely good , be of فيها advantages is that it 's مجازفة ربح as well and you can get ربح of course ; however , student life فيها a little bit lazy that you love .. ع bit by bit . i mean you still have have time to تتعلم then go for the working الحياة instead of rushing to the working المهنية instantly
i كده جربت working individually before at university الجامعةكان it was really exhausting and difficult
i نجحت succeeded as i got certain درجة for example or the المشروع became very good . i 'm proud of it but i مانبستطش not مانبستطش with the journey of the project . i am not pleased with the four month project .
لما i attended the internship and when i went the course التدريبية we used to take a lot of tutorials أوى everybody was sharing so i يعني that very much .
not all of us was working and there were so many problems but i felt that the فريق and i كان supporting each other as they can explain everything to me .
until the situation became very الموضوع طبعا منظم , it was .. was a better experience rather than individual work
once before i had a partner in the الفريق
what i am trying the most is بنقلها once you had a break , تاخد stopped working
you do n't have to exert much effort in order توصل reach something just stop and have a break
واحدة take it خالص بيبدأ with him too tackle the problem step by step ببساطة ببساطة all all as if we are going to هنتعلم من عيال beginning as if you are kids
فالبساطة simple makes you feel that you 're not alone أن it 's okay to make mistakes and it 's عادى أن انت are not as the same level as the other people so you will start feeling some security then you have energy to يعنى
yes i سافرت traveled before to romania
ده was معسكر camp .. معسكر لمدة أسبوعين weeks
the camp was for two weeks as well المعسكر camp was sponsored by organization international organization
the idea is that كنت go to this camp that has to do السباحة swimming هناك that i كان تبع attend فيها
you go there to train people and teach them . in addition to this , they used to have a competition by the end with fourteen members from مختلفة بلاد and you started talking with them عن the cultures موجودة
how do you تعيشوا together ? how do you eat ? how do you تجيبوا money ? تشتغلوا about your jobs ?
it is as if you got to know many countries
there were a lot of أماكن يعني for example , لو i 'm going to أقول about أحلى best مكان in egypt , it will be dahab , the blue hole or three بولز
those were .. were great times as لما we went there قبل , we spent .. spent تلت أيام alone in the camp
so it was really good because it 's one of the best places that i have ever seen , to be honest and أنا will not regret أضرب the long الصراحة to خالص there
the best place abroad ? i can see that it was a really good because i have been to only one واحدة
the country that i traveled كانت كلها about forests so the experience was جديدة for me as i have n't seen this before in egypt at all so for me it was good and i will never forget it
of course i will travel
وش course i أسافر أسافر
traveling is nothing but when you want to تسافر and try new حاجات , it 's already an experience that helps you learn كل like how to manage your time how تدير manage your money الوقت، what you are going to spend على الفلوس، . أزاى will take spending money into consideration
you بتتعرف to بتتعرف جديدة people so your way of thinking بتفكر change for مثلا you spent say twenty two و twenty three years مع people that have the same التفكير، حوالى when you go there , you will find that the مجتمع is not easily persuaded بأى anything that أنت say
you should find a way تتعامل persuade them
so the فتجربة was really رهيبة , it 's better not to miss such chance once you got it
a turning point in my life حياتي؟ مرة there was something related to my father , yes , my والدى . he was in a coma و was suffering from some problems that i started to feel more responsible .
هو was in a coma for three شهور that انا was responsible for his work و i had to deal with the problems there ال .. i felt that انا نضجت more mature a little شويه . it يعنى not only about working but also leaving my family alone and being at university to finish that projects at university that i have there in addition to meeting my الجامعة colleagues so i felt that it would be better if انت balanced between both of them
it taught me how to أوزن between them and that 's it
it usually depends on اللى person in front of me . if i حسيت that the person in front of me really عايز to talk with me and to ice بدوس أوى، i start يتكلم with him فعلا but for me , i really like ice breaking . i do n't like انعزل انعزل from بحب .
بحب بحب talking مع أدوس freely and it 's not necessarily to be right or wrong or , for example , or to be upset with منى، or angry from me but باحترام all my respect منى، of course but i really like اتعرف get along with people لازم you should love تتعلمها and learn how to do this .
so i felt that i ال .. i am educated متعلم، actually , i wo n't say أن it 's a gift يعني أنا am educated ان i هو free to talk and it 's okay with me no matter what طالما long as it 's in a respectful way .
i do n't know what to اتكلم , yes but i should change my طريقة of speaking , there 's a special way you use when you deal with strangers unlike the way you use تتعامل deal with those you live with . so it will be different , of course but no i can talk with them but in a طبعا way
i mean if somebody that got مثلا مثلا me realized أن i have totally changed my way with one hundred eighty degree so when he sees me , he will هيقول أنت i am not used to speaking this way دى
definitely , yes when i اتكلم مع واحدة person فالموضوع this is the الطريقة how i can let them understand بيها view point.so it depends . i should n't have only one way to let للناس understand my بالطريقة .
هبدأ هضحك start with the الغريب thing but i will laugh في the weird one at the الآخر
it 's good for me a little شويه . it 's not about بحب جرئ قلبي but rather about .. على being لسانى طول as i say what i think at once as i do n't بعيد think about it or repeat those words
so .. definitely , i am trying to do my best avoid this disadvantages this as much as يعنى can
لكن اه , i am very honest و i usually like meeting my friends
i usually like checking on people even those مابيسألوش do n't care
i love checking on everyone
i really احب .. helping people
it makes me internally pleased , it may be nonsense فرحة i may not believe this but this is the truth .
what i usually say is that i أه a little bit honest
being honest is not .. not بتعيب حاجة to حد one in front of me.i يعني if عاوز did something wrong with me و أنى wanted to انتقده، صراحة him , i wo n't speak with him bluntly but it 's totally بالعكس بالعكس مثلا i will ببدأ speaking a واحدة by step with him
if i do n't care about this person , it will not care .
something that 's weird , that i am very silly
أه actually , i mean my bachelor in particular
my doctor
once انت took such a start , عليه made me feel that كده should n't do this at all as it 's very trivial
so أول أتفه said that it 's trivial , i became in the mood
لكن أه , it 's because of the courses that عندنا have في university و because of the doctors أو tas at الجامعة , you are forced to act بالطريقة، بالطريقة، way , to go بتدوس in this path
yes , i can live without a mobile
actually , the mobile is not a great جزء of my حياتى because انا made myself busy doing other بحاجات , for example , as i said i usually بقرأ تانية، as for my reading , انا love the .. do n't love the خالص copies
i train how to talk with people more
as for the mobile part , if i want to contact with somebody who انا عاوز far from me that i ca n't reach him اوصله، مش ca n't meet him , i wo n't be able to speak معاه him this way that he was away or even if there 's an emergency and he can not come then he did his best to come
موقف situation for example , or a specific idea , or what ?
to make اقنعك persuaded of بيها؟ بيها؟
if you have a shower with cold water everyday , will you lose ساقعة .
the idea that you take a shower with cold water may make you crazy يعني، as بيدخل will take بمية cold shower but you will take a بمية shower تلج، okay ?
a step by step at أولا except that you feel as if you are نزلت off from a plane or you went skydiving , it 's really hard as you can not breathe , you .. .. تستوعب can not understand بتقعد
you feel that it 's easy لأ two or three حاجة and everything is سهل مثلا although the situation صعب difficult for example , you will jump from طيارة، plane طيارة، as you will make something great so you will feel great
in this فبالطريقة , no , أعمل feel that it 's normal أقدر that you can do anything like doing أعوم , اجري , swimming or doing anything , your الادرينالين will make you gain an خبرة .. you will إحساس رائع كده that أى can do anything
how تخس؟ lose wait ? as you will walk a lot and think and of course , you wo n't هتاكل
جرب this
you 're most welcome
okay , i اتولدت born in kuwait
i lived هناك for عشر years عشت
then i come to egypt to join university
i went كانت an international school
i used to be in an بالظبط i mean just before كنت joined university
once i am done with igs , i went to مصر بدري as soon as possible
i came هنا in 2010
و i have been living هنا on my own for nine years .
okay i thought that the أول year at university was really difficult
i مكنتش n't actually sure which department department i wanted to join .
joining the faculty of engineering was mostly right because أنا am ينفع only ولد for my parents so i ca n't be anything other than مهندس engineer or a doctor
but أن the الظروف and i am already the only boy فكان i فكان troubles dealing with people in عام .
i أنا sort of إنطوائي a little
i felt أن this is the most suitable field for me personally
. dealing with الكومبيوتر is a lot أسهل than dealing with البني أدمين being
actually , the social aspect in my life was صغيرة and the component كان very weak
فكان i was not able to deal with people so it أريح more comfortable with dealing with computers
so plus that i was good at it actually
i mean i remember when i افتكر in cs one , yes , i got b minus but but i بشرح to بشرح to others
فيمكن be the grades were n't fair due to the circumstances
but in cs two اعتقد think i got an a بسهولة يعني
okay فأعتقد i فأعتقد that my الدراسة كانت normalized normally like anybody else in my دفعتى
i think it 's all cs مشاريع , except maybe for يمكن bachelor project
my التخرج project was about 3d object recognition which was something fancy actually at that time خيالية
actually اينعم yes , now the situation becomes easy but at that time in two thousand and fifteen , the project was a little bit difficult for me
يعني , i spent فوق than two months and كل day , i spend from اتناشر to لستاشر ساعة in front of my laptop alone
so i believe actually that it is one من التجارب defining experiences in حياتي life
i felt that yes this is what hard الكفاح actually means
my المعتاد routine is أن i بحاول as much as i can that i انام seven hours as a block
i do n't my sleeping مابقطعش
ممكن may spend أقضي whole year انام three or four كاملة in total
مابحبش really hate taking a nap in the middle of the day خالص، i مصدع، up suffering from مصدع، . i do n't like this so i try as much as أقدر can يبقى sleep for واحدة، block for seven hours , that 's it
if نمت sleep الساعة بصحى o'clock , i get up at five o'clock .
if i sleep actually no sorry from eleven till five o'clock لخمسة six hours
لو نمت نمت at eleven o'clock , i get up at six o'clock .
لو i نمت at eleven o'clock , i get بصحى at five o'clock and so on يعني
but once i get up , obviously actually بصحى read a few مقالات . actually , once you get up , you are supposed to take a cold shower because this shock makes blood migrate into the inner organs rather than the outer organs .
so it sort of gives you like a awake up call , it alerts you .
because الأعضاء organs بتبقى entered a sort of دخلت في while you are asleep نائم
فأول once you take a cold shower تاخد water i يعني الدم flows للأعضاء the organs out actually بعيد from the skin cells
ف it actually بينفع
actually the cold الدش فعلا you جامد
but yes يعني and as soon as أخد take الدش الدش i just get my breakfast and come وأروح uni او work actually
للأسف i 'm not a very sportive person
so i watch tv series and this هو the الوحيدة thing i do in الأسبوع
بس بس it
actually netflix mainly
انقسام , the أخر فيلم i have watched was انقسام
i wanted كنت go and watch a movie زجاج زجاج
i حسيت that انا have شفت غير قابل للكسر although it was very old movie that i watched قديم ago
i really liked it
and obviously glass is based on unbreakable and split
i watched انقسام and it كان actually really شيق .
actually , the concept of multi-personality اضطراب is really really interesting .
actually لما i قعدت فيديوهات فيديوهات حتى discuss a topic a شويه bit fancy شويه
هو at one point , there was a woman that a man was asking her questions and she was replying having a certain attitude , tone and way بعد بعديها with a few minutes exactly , he asked her the same question و she answered بطريقة a مختلفة way and the content of the answer is totally مختلف
her tone of voice بتاعة totally different and the اللهجة sort ما even it becomes a little bit اختلفت as if she قلبت جنوبية i mean م southern الولايات although هي is not southern at all
actually , it 's a little bit مخيف .
ف but يعني it 's an interesting movie
very interesting
my favorite author or who i love reading for is khaled الحسينى اقراله الحسينى
the theme of khaled elhusseiny in general is just pain trauma which is painful drama actually which is the only thing that teaches human being honestly
هو كل بتاعته books are good هو maybe the book that influenced me قريتهمله most was and the mountains echoed .
اعتقد believe actually
it كان .. was a very gloomy book honestly
generally , the الكاتب is من an afghan background
he هو a لاجئ actually and left afghanistan and went to pakistan then migrate to the us .
so all his القصص are themed بتدور the اللاجئين and the war that started في afghanistan and so on .
as the فالقصة tackles a character that عايشة during the war and actually how did she stumble upon one عمالة to the other
و then how the war أثرت them مع this عايشة was from a very wealthy غنية
و أزاي she went انحدرت and lived in بسيط low state and it وحشة really bad يعني
but و and how did ازاي find i guess a الحب love
في , there should be the جزء of love and imaginary in order to make an entertaining story actually i guess
i guess it depends on the geographical state that we will هنكون in
actually لو i 'm not sure honestly as انا should موجود in مش مصر or هطلع
يعني أنا i 'm مستقر مستقر لسه
so it 's assuming to travel another country so i 'm فنفترض أعتقد أن any مدرسة will الحال
actually , there 's a standard of education and there 's not تفاوت great difference
most probably حد majority of schools are almost الشئ same thing
otherwise , if أنا am هنا في egypt , i guess since أنه there is a great diversity في schools such as the experimental , الدولي , national and the elite schools
it 's really very diverse and very difficult
it 's a very difficult choice
so i أعتقد ممكن personally انا i أختار يعني french schools for للبنات i guess
based on my شخصية experience , some of friends in my class are actually graduates of french and i felt that their التعليم level , their level of education is really حلو and very satisfying at least
so based on that based on my previous خبرتي and what i noticed from my friends , i أعتقد ان such schools will be most suited لولادي my لولادي , اعتقد اعتقد .
well طيب i 'm guessing or actually i 'm not بتهيألي that being a ta is not my dream job
معتقدش do n't believe that it 's anyone وظيفة dream شخص
i شخصيًا try to acquire a position in an r والتطوير d والتطوير
but the مشكلة is on the البحث and والتطوير position i mean that the r and d requires محتاج academia
and أنا do n't like المجال academia
but it 's a temporary state and وده مطلوب a requirement
so أنا أنا بحاول أعدي pass through this phase so that i can move on to an r والتطوير d for example it could be a corporate او it could be a research center institute .
it should n't be علاقة بالمجال بالمجال academia
and the internships أنا i attended as i have تدريب an internship before في an بترول company
i used to work with the network administrator
we used to بنحاول to set up sort من a network because they are كاميرات cams it should all log in on the للشبكة so the owner للشبكة the الشركة that lived in the us و he قاعد يتفرج log in to see what 's going in his الشركة through his ipad so it was ده
actually , i acquired a كبيرة of knowledge about الشبكات networks in general based on this project .
so this that was one interesting internship , honestly
يعني , this actually from the little التدريبات القليلة دي اضطريت forced بإيدي work on on my own and اتعامل deal مع ناس lot of people
unlike the usual time you spend في your room using اللاب laptop as you code your tasks بتبرمج send emails and that 's it
i do not think that أبقى want to be student anymore
i 'm actually i do n't enjoy academic to be honest
أنا 'm not .. مش do n't enjoy teaching teaching process
بالنسبة me this في just a مؤقتة phase with it as soon as possible and i 'm trying to get done
being ابقى student obviously would be something interesting if i 'm learning something interesting
actually لو اني أنا a phd position for something that i actually really like أنا 'd definitely be مهتم بحبها be a student once again actually
but for the time being i 'm looking for على job and such actually .. no أرجع would like أنا go back لسوق لسوق market now يعني .
i سافرت traveled to so many places , honestly
but أطول longest period of time i spent كانت in هولندا netherlands , i stayed there for قعدت year
i stayed في المانيا for four شهور
so i guess حاجة most remarkable مرة is انا i .. was فاكر المساحات greenery actually
actually , i really lack this here in القاهرة , honestly
i remember one day when one of my friends visited me and روحنا sat in front of rijksmuseum that هو الرمبرانت الرمبرانت متحف
اه هو the rijksmuseum and متحف rembrandt museum are close to each other
anyways actually حتة 's a greenery place و it 's like a patch sort of تل
بس it 's a made-up hill يعني
so we stayed there
we stayed for ساعات or four hours
the weather was really good
i أعتقد that that day كان the أكتر remarkable day for me in the كلها year actually
i made friends but not at work
صعب 's very difficult making friends في work
أنا actually فعلا more friends from the course of deutsch that i used to باخدها
so that شيق فده interesting
i أنا still in تواصل with some of them , not all of them طبعا
but i do n't think that i make other friends
اه هم were but they كانوا with me at the الهولندي دورة
on the top of my mind دلوقتي now actually i would love to go to japan , honestly
to me ده it 's a very interesting place
actually , i اعتقد اني would love to go to أروح اليابان anytime soon يعني
that next to switzerland as well
actually , اني 've always looked forward to visiting أزور سويسرا
but definitely the price سعر of each trip فدي no matter how little كان is , فيها becomes bigger honestly so it 's something to تفكر twice يعني actually
it بتعتمد on the scholarship نفسها
it depends على the position المعروض 's offered actually and المنحة المنحة that 's an offer as well
i am guessing obviously a دراسية is something nice to have and a position يطمح obviously something to seek for whether or not this is something مناسبة to me right now that it 's a very difficult قرار actually and that 's it
i كان there were a lot of turning points
but أعتقد أعتقد يمكن the first six شهور بعد work كانت the turning نقطة في my حياتي هو i خلاص that i 'm no longer a child يعني
يعتي , i أنا an adult ومسؤول i 'm responsible for myself
and it 's .. بتاع stress at work كان really violent في that time of my life in particular فحاسيت i felt أن فحاسيت تمام actually this is اختيار difficult اختيار to تعمله
that are you happy ?
if so أنت you i mean is there something you can do to make you more happy او less حزين أوي؟
ف i believe that 's واحدة of the turning التحول
okay i , as a كطالب , i بفضل prefer working individually not in group مشاريع
but now ان i worked i أعتقد that it became different
and i really appreciate the العمل الجماعي
however دايما would always prefer that the task given to اعملها is not a task that i need to do for محتاج حد
actually , assuming that there في pools of كتيرة so assign to تديني tasks as many tasks as you عايز and i اسلمها those tasks to you so as هو can continue working on the tasks or يحطها adds this to another تانية
he and i نشتغل not be working on the same task
actually assuming أن if there are a presentation or a report that need to be made , أنا can be اخد for the عرض and هو will be responsible for the report or vice versa
it 's not necessary to work on the presentation together or to نعمل on the report together
i feel that 's counter-productive actually
في are but outside university
اعتقد اعتقد that my personal الشخصي الشخصي right now هو إيلون musk
he بيصحى that kind of person who wakes up at اربعة am actually
because he is the one who سبيس space إكس
he اللي the one who made paypal
he is the one who made tesla
so so .. yes this is definitely something i look up to يعني
i اعتقد you can never actually target the .. or actually tackle the idea of liking someone or حب someone no matter how good you are as a person إما be .. actually you 'll always be criticized بشكل a way
so if we will حنتكلم عن the personal sorry أسف professional perspective and career-wise i believe i 'd rather be أفضل than liked
yes أن being loved among your colleagues at work is obviously something that you would love to find and something that you تحب seek but it 's impossible
you هيبقى never هيبقى loved by all your colleagues at work
it 's almost impossible
ف i 'd rather be liked , honestly
get things done faster
i believe ان لأ i 'm not an approachable person at all
actually i 'm not an سهل شخص to التعامل with at all
بس at الشغل actually as long طالما احنا احنا في الشغل yes it 's simple and easy
but as for the personal level لأ , i take a lot of time to come on to لشخص and just يعني أبقى natural with them actually
ما there are always a lot of طبقات before dealing with a normal شخص as كإنه 's somebody اوي have known since ages
indecisiveness
i hate indecisive people
i عارف n't يعني for example the المفهوم of اجتماع a meeting no so let فتعالوا all decide no احنا ممكن نعمل a او أو we can say that نعمل will do b or it could يبقى ج , which is okay this is not going to work
so it 's okay as كل these الاختيارات are on the table but we need to make a decision
that لو أنت are indifferent and passive to everything i mean يعني we might not have this meeting
actually , i feel that it 's pointless
but not في university
i 'm sure that i 've done this once or twice within an interview which i think is allowed , i mean , in an interview .
but i do n't do this inside the فصل
يعني once لما one من one of the students asks يسألني لو i do n't i mean if something .. i mean if somebody asks me whether i know this or not , i tell him .
no و when i في .. no أيام the evaluation yes when i was a student yes when i was having evaluations definitely
yes i definitely
exactly actually
أعمل definitely had to do كدا
but now , as a teacher , no , i definitely do n't do that
actually لما somebody حاجة whether i know this or not , i عارف no and لأ ask him to send me an email then i will هرد بالإجابة with the answers as soon as possible .
i guess في the evaluations i remember in particular actually when there were many situations , it definitely did ساعدني me بجد
actually it means that أنا i spoke about اللي المشروع and how much effort ايه exert and what to-do-list i prepare عارف this class and the other class and i guess that نجح نجح eventually actually
مش مش of it but it did حصل honestly yes .
no because the majority of people that i بتعامل with بشكل يومي basis are not there around me
actually my parents live outside egypt so i will never فأنا أتواصل to communicate with مصر if مش do n't have a mobile
it 's almost حقيقي actually
أعتقد think that one of the أهم important الحاجات that people بتفوتها or do n't care about is sleeping seven hours
actually , this is that you مش no بتقول how الأبحاث research shows actually actually very very important for a human being
أقدر mean as much as that people بتبطل growing after twenty-five and that you are already بعد twenty-five it 's a countdown ليك you to die basically
but sleeping seven hours is .. هو مهم vital
actually research shows ان النوم أقل than seven ساعات will actually actually i mean .. will actually most probably lead to زيادة القلب beat so فضغط blood pressure will هيرتفع , عندك 'll be susceptible to the slightest things happening at work يعني , فتبقي you بتحصل be passive-aggressive , you بتزيد be overweight بسهولة
definitely , أنا 'm not exactly متأكد what i am not متأكد من casualty and effect in كل , actually how each one happens , but actually i 'm sure that i 've read a research that shows that all of this happens if you sleep less than سبع ساعات
so اوي feel that one من the underrated things is that حد sleeps less than seven hours
i 'm متأكد ان you مش n't عاوزه to lose weight at one point and you do n't want to suffer from high blood الدم at any point in time soon
so if you want to تتجنب الحاجتين two things you عايز بالتأكيد need exactly or more than seven hours .. actually أكتر sleep less than سبع hours مرة a block actually .
actually , i was born here في cairo هنا in egypt
i used to be at قومية national مدارس and all of them are arabic before university
then الجي joined يو سي , وبعد when i was graduated من guc , i became a ta
كنت was at university , then i worked as a ta at the نفس university where أنا used to study till دلوقتي
i started to be .. interested in my .. my major starting from الفصل الدراسي 3 at الجامعة , at the beginning totally against it , أنا did n't want to go for this major at all
starting من semester الترم , i حاسيت ان i am more interested rather than the other التخصصات
و starting من semester three أنا قررت ان i will continue in this major until i graduate , شاء willing
my bachelor project is about بتاعي اسمها semantic web
most of the search engines there were .. were working on في .. their .. their المنطق based on the اللغوي الجزء that the user enter regardless of its meaning and what he means by this
we used to try to make a دلالي search engine that reasons or understands the user that بيكتب a مصطلح in the .. the search محرك and what he means by that trying يطلعله show the أفضل results المناسبة can fit the .. the المصطلح او the query that المستخدم user مدخلها
i do nothing except for getting up افطر،البس having breakfast and اني dressed
so basically الأجازة الأسبوعية is just للراحة resting and للراحة وال the .. the extra thing that can be done is to زيارة my .. family , relatives and so on , that 's بس
my hobbies are mostly reading and ال .. the .. the computer games , if i ينفع call it a hobby هواية، that 's it
maybe i كتب a lot of قريتها and all كلها كلها are good
most of them were روايات بصراحة they are not .. مش .. not علمية books or something
a رواية entitled الصباح and evening talk by naguib mahfouz was one of عجبتني favorites , و when i watched the .. dramatic adaptation as it اتعمل adapted into a series or something and it كان adapted in a معمول well presentation
there was the prisoner of زندا , it was also very well .
and actually , هي second part that most الناس do n't know that ليها has a second الجزء that كان entitled rupert of hentzau
it was the second part . the prisoner of زندا
those what i can still اللي for now
those what i really liked the most
i مش بتفرج watched movies in a long time , يعني the movies that اتفرجت اتفرجت that were very impactful on me were troy and اغلب of هاري potter series when i used to بشوفها them when i was صغير
titanic when i watched it for the first time .
at that time the .. ال directing of the movie was very persuasive of its exact message . حتي if this ده opposite عكس what you are persuaded of , he can يوجهك you للفكرة the idea that he قادر يوجهك say exactly and who you sympathize with , ماتتععطفيش you do n't sympathize مع , who you love مين، who تحبي hate , you see the movie in his own eyes exactly like ما he wants actually
those what i can remember now
مش do n't remember anything كده actually
yes
i still do n't have children دلوقتي in general i did n't .. did n't think of a معينة school
it 's not about being an international or a national school but it 's based on the school نفسها and the .. ال .. the environment over all that the .. that the أبنها will be there one day
it 's not necessarily شرط a قومية school is bad او that the international school is very good , no it حسب on the المدرسة itself
ليها has .. actually has معايير standards that one will think of at that time i يعني يتأكد make sure that there 's a healthy environment around him
and students like him should عند معينة معايير as المعايير standards i want my child to learn from school
as for the languages , هو should have the.the .. التانية secondary اللغة بناء علي the المدرسة no matter is it english , french or deutsch ألماني، no problem
بس what i am really interested in is ما .. he did n't abandon his mother tongue اللي is arabic , no he يبقي know arabic well و he should speak arabic ويتناقش discuss everything in arabic but still he has a secondary language that 's very strong that will help him علميًا or anything related بسوق the job market or كده
in البرمجيات software تطوير
no ال .. the working المهنية is better for me by far
i do n't .. do n't .. do n't want to be as a كطالب anymore ولا to have ال .. the .. the بتاع of attending lectures and solving assignments and .. and exams and midterms and things like that i do n't .. do خالص to go back to this ever
even the time when i was working on the masters here when i was a kind of شبه student was not .. مش .. not a good time at all actually .
all the activities that are a kind من student activities when it comes to القراءات and getting papers to find out something and things like that was really bad for me ومش i do n't like to go back to this kind of activities again .
definitely , if it 's based on routine , it could be long term مملة boring daily روتين .. بس if you enjoy it , هيقلل will reduce المدى chances of تكون bored من what you do throughout the day especially that أنت 's like teaching .
انت for teaching , each التدريس انت بتاعك meet new people بتتفاعل interact with them differently according to ليهم different mentalities that you محتاج to address all of these mentalities مختلفة in order to deliver your message or to deliver your المحتوى بطريقة a good way to these students
فأنا علي least i really love teaching and أنا feel ان it 's a kind of challenge , first of all whatever the level of students in front of you , you لازم توصلهم what أنت want to say بأي whatever way as you should find a way through which they can توصل كلامك you say as well as المحتوى content that you need to deliver to ليهم بكفاءة and in an بكفاءة way اللي that they يفهمك you regardless it 's technically good or , it مش not technically good
فالنوع فالنوع kind of challenge بي .. satisfies me honestly
ان i % b .. try to overcome على in a way or كده
socially , you pass by so many people of different mentalities , from مختلفة، environments , from different levels فشايفها i see كويسة 's good
by الوقت although اصلا did n't like ال .. the .. .. the .. the student حياة يو the guc is راحة comfort zone for بالنسبالي
فبالتالي بيفرق i do n't mind at all to موجود here even if there 's a routine-based جزء
once when i was in the eighth semester , i was in an internship at the برمجيات development company
as for our .. our .. our normal life , we were divided متقسمين teams there
each team was مسؤول for a part of a المنتج that they made with .. with different teams that were there
i كنت in the team of the التطوير there and we used to practice on the developing .. developing البرمجيات with language c++
it was .. was a very good experience بالنسبالي me , i could feel how people were working في the software development and it was actually one of my preferable parts for me although i became a ta after that but i was very pleased with
and if i جاتلي the chance later on , god willing , ا .. اغير اغير my career to something related to software development i .. i would n't mind at all ..
no
last time i went to north الساحل last summer
it مجرد only leisure time actually
الواحد can go there , wake up , go to the .. the beach , then come back and eat , ياكل، and وهكذا، on , nothing more
this is ممكن for الكلام people but it 's marsa matrouh
the .. the .. the environment there was really جدا , the البحر was really جدا و calm and جميل and the landscapes that look naturally were طبيعية in addition to so many places that you can تتزار such as museums and so on
in general , الجو الجو there أنا better than that in other مكان that i visited
and .. and i have no problem to مانع أروحه once , twice و thrice
the first turning حاجة was in الفصل three when i decided أن continue in the major cs
because before this % b .. % b .. ال .. the decisions for me were far away from cs , it was electronics or mechatronics for example or something
as the turning نقطة ان the الدورة of cs3 هي that was the turning point for بالنسبالي
because i حسيت that أنا really enjoy this .. this and i really excel things like computer ومعلومات و at the same time things مرتبطة to the other major like circuits و things like that أنا أنا .. أنا did miserably in these courses يعني
so a huge turning نقطة was ان i choose a major and ورحت for another major at all
نفس same happens before i joined university
at the الأول i was about to join another جامعة تانية، by mere هو one of أنا صاحبي told me about the سي
and i had .. had an impression about the guc because it 's guc but المكان other المكان that i was about to go required a specific language
because that was the language there and i do n't know this اللغة
but بس knew from منه that the .. the الجامعة does n't require having a specific language so i can join it anyways
so by chance , i went there and ودخلت الاختبار test and i passed the test
then i joined guc
it was swingy at all actually
تقريبا تقريبا at خالص
actually i have like a نوع of standards and kind of a goal that i try to pursue in my own بطريقتي regardless of how تاني people did it كده
no i انا would say that i am very very easy person to بتعامل with
on the contrary , i 'm بقدر very considering person as i try to understand the person in front of me وأتعامل know how he speaks and وأتعامل معاه معاه in بنفس same way that he uses to interact with me
هو أه i بحس that أني need to change the way أغير deal with people عموما عموما بس i do n't feel that it حاجة difficult
on the contrary , i feel that it 's part of the اجتماعي اجتماعي actually
و this is a skill as far as i think الناس should have this skill in particular especially ان لو you interact with مختلفة مستويات of people
و i have to deal مع كل of these students in بطريقة good way
it 's not necessary to يبقى in a specific level انا i prefer أفضل المستوى and if somebody is away من this level , i do n't deal with him in a good way كويس
on the contrary i do n't feel that 's difficult
yes , it 's important to change أشخاص way how he بيتاعمل with different persons و different شخصيات and so on but i do n't feel حاسسها 's صعبة actually
no i prefer to أكون respected rather than liked
i am not interested to ابقى liked or not liked but rather respected because respect comes قبل الحب
you may love somebody very much بس by the end he wo n't respect him
he sees him .. loves him because he does something that he likes but الصورة الكاملة الصورة i see is that he is not a respectful person
the .. the الاحترام can be تيجي even if the الشخص does n't like you , or he does n't accept you because of something else but overall to gain his respect is not easy at all rather than to be محبوب
maybe تبقى are liked بحاجات illegal reasons
ممكن تبقى be liked بحاجات inappropriate reasons
that you do something that he sees it as a حاجة thing في all as he sees that he does not gain احترامه respect
ان to gain a respect of someone is more important than أكون be liked
yes , it could be but i do مسدود make it as a مسدود end
if there 's a chance هو i will مش , if not , هحاول wo n't try to أتعامل with him تاني
but the .. the .. the stubborn الشخص هو the one who sticks to a certain viewpoint and he shapes everything around
so dealing with these kind من people is صعب جدا difficult and no matter how مهما حاولتي حاولتي once , twice or thrice , most probably you do n't reach anything
but at some معينة i am بحاول not to close the door
لأ there 's at least a فرصة as we can make an extra trial with him maybe يبقى will start being more flexible actually
عمري have .. have never done this at خالص
بالعكس بالعكس contrary , في of من مقابلة that i attended and i بروح everything very very very صريح جدا أقولهم i told them that أنا really did n't know that topic and أنا i can not answer this الكلام
رغم people advise me to avoid هيبان that you do n't understand ان i would prefer أتكلم speak about something that i do understand rather than أتكلم أحاول في answer saying اقعد just to try .. أن impress them with something that they do n't even know so he فيقول say this .. this .. this is good and مايعرفهاش pass it but لأ do n't .. ما n't do that
طيب what was the reaction of the الشخص in front of you اللي interviewer ? what was his رد ? or what did ايه tell فعله؟ ? did he remain silent did you remain silent ?
it happened twice , once he did n't انطباع any انطباع at all , as for the second time he was surprised أن i said so .
he was surprised because i .. ان said that أنا did n't know and that the one who had an interview said that أنا did n't know الموضوع topic
بس by the بالمناسبة in .. in both المقاباتين i في accepted
but i got accepted and that they did n't reject me because i said that i did n't فاهم that topic
يعني الصراحة أشك i doubt
unfortunately ان i can feel this unfortunately متعلق ال .. our .. our lifestyle بالموبايل based on the mobile and internet mainly
so the فالموبايل means to have انترنت everywhere
you have your mobile كل حتة
you can do a جدا بيعمل your internet as you can check the news and social media through it and so on
فالواحد can feel that لما the internet connection يكون weak , او when there 's no internet at all خالص i feel that i stay in .. in .. في .. in أسود black ثقب that i can not interact with الناس around me or i do n't know what 's happening
this is not مش but as far i think most of the الحياة دلوقتي of people now is like كده
actually no لأ، أقدر can أقول that i can not live without internet or موبايل
أنا would أقول that you do n't .. ماتعملش ماتعملش حاجة do anything if your major is computer science , do n't do any بحث لو you do n't عايز to continue in a research track
as for the المجال of computer science , most of ال .. .. the job العمل do n't appreciate whatever in a research track especially if it 's not عملية، , it wo n't benefit them at work
if you are about to تشتغل في the software development company part one , two or three , they will حيبص your skills هو have to do في the job duties
what will they be able أخد take from you at شغلي؟ ?
but if you هتقولي ان you worked on ماجستير في a certain المجال and you prepared a paper to attend a conference and that you applied في a journal and that was a .. a .. a .. a .. very impactful صحيفة and so on
it 's okay with all of this and then , what will you do في work ?
so if you decided at the الأول that you تسعى to تكمل the academic career , i أقول rather say do not try to تكمل this field at all
ولا حتي you تحاول to تقول that you تحاول complete masters و then اروح
most probably you will complete الماجستير for لنفسك own sake
but if you target target the job market من day one anything that would lead you to the job market even لو it 's a very small start-up or anything that will offer you an experience و to .. to .. to .. ت .. to .. to تقوي your cv regarding what you especially are pursuing in the field of computer science
but if you feel that you انت an academic person and that you want to continue المسار academic الأكاديمي then you 'll be a ta then a دكتور then a أستاذ and so on كله، no you have to go this way و you know what you need in order to تكمل in this الطريق بنجاح actually
إتولدت was born in cairo anyways
first , i live في gesr el suez بعد i moved into elrehab then i moved into nasr مدينة then i went back رجعت elrehab
i went to two .. تلات schools as well
when i كي in the kg , i كنت في ..
when i was in the kg مدرسة، i went في a school and i moved to another school in the primary stage then i moved to a third school in the preparatory and secondary stages
all of them كانوا قومية but english schools actually
بس after كده i جيت الجامعة هنا
أول of all , i داخل الجامعة so as أساس go أخش mechatronics or انتاج، , okay ?
and then في first i كنت a little bit hesitated whether i would go أخش الكترونيكس or networks but كنت joined mechatronics as well
but after i دخلت mechatronics , i discovered that i am good أشطر the subjects that related to .. cs actually
اللي is cs أو .. or .. or any أي مواد علاقة to electricity
يعني for the .. the mechanical subjects that i used to .. to pass بس i هو c minus or c
so i فقررت that انا يعني no i will try هاحاول on my own about this so i said لو i سي أس , what would عادي
i فكان about to be in semester four so anyways i should repeat four subjects and so on
but when i was at the end of الفصل semester , i اكتشفت that no i should be careful while making this decision so as not to regret it later on فحولت i فحولت فحولت تي
i thought that i was only one department until they told فاكرها لأ there are departments في dmet و cs
why did i go for dmet ليه؟
i ca ماكدبش remember to be honest with you
i أنا can not فعلا why i went for dmet instead of cs
بس actually i did n't regret يعني this decision
no , i do n't usually regret
okay حاليا actually .. actually تلات تقريبا my time to three حاجات
it 's university or bachelor a , training and the third is something إسمها هايبرلوب
at cairo university that i have just joined recently
most probably my day is divided للتلات these three أو it 's for only one of منهم
i mean for مثلا i get up لأ i بصحى بصحى now whenever i want at 12 pm مثلا example
but i either go to university or stay at home to بقعد on the التخرج and at night i go في the training three times a week
now on friday i go and exercise الأمريكية football almost every friday as i watch matches or if i do n't go there يا i hang بتفرج with my friends anyways
okay not really actually
يعني , there 's no exercise but this the most that ..
يعني إن i بروح to the training , even when i stay at أكتر i go and search .. .. search to learn more about this topic by watching videos and reading about the rules و that 's it
okay first of all , مشروع bachelor
هو started that i .. i am supposed to بعمل something called tracking objects using something called كاميرا camera
stereo camera is an ordinary camera but they .. they are actually two cameras تمام؟ ?
يعني it بتستخدم being used instead now لو we use a معينة camera okay to نعرف the distance between the camera و the other thing , if كاميرا 's only واحدة camera it will ينفع but with .. with estimation
actually for example if you know that .. this person 's average density is so and he can يبقى his weight so هو will estimate the distance between الكاميرا camera and the other كده
but if we have كاميرا كاميرا كاميرا and in certain طرق نقدر نقدر use it نحدد estimate المسافة distance between the camera and the specific two جسمين this بالطريقة , okay ?
بإن بإن using two cameras so it 's related في رياضة and so on but كده did n't go into it
but i totally changed it قلبته it becomes خالص خالص
at first i was trying to .. to detect the object in general and to find out how i can know that 's only one جسم so that أنا أقدر أقدر this المنطقة that this particular object has nothing to do with باللي surroundings
فادخلت i went for deep learning and الكمبيوتر vision and so on i am still reading in فالموضوع topic
hyperloop is totally different it 's ..
لو you know إيلون musk ?
okay actually if you know elon musk and if you know space x or tesla ?
okay he is the owner of الشركتين الشركتين دول , he is the بتاع of those two companies
then هو made something called hyperloop
such hyperloop is like a transportation طريقة as it looks like a closed tube and it has low pressure like the vacuum and the pods بيمشي through فيها to بتنقل الناس from one مكان to another
it 's like a train but without wheels يعني as it is ماشي on ماشي called air cushion actually the air is بيزق it downwards لتحت that there will be a distance between it and the الأرض هو it moves بسرعات very high speeds because there 's no drag قوة تقريبا لإن because the pressure is 0.1 percent from the atmospheric pressure
فبيمشي it فبيمشي with very high speed and with low cost because the tube هي placed above فوقيها شمسية panels so it powers itself in general
so .. and the user of الموتور motor that they use is the same هو the motor that is in تسلا which هو an electric motor .. motor so there 's no fuel consumption .
the important part is that they made a competition for students to let them .. them يشاركوا as they should build pod but a little bit smaller و .. we بنسافر بنبني perform actually حجرات pod that is performed in .. in america في a معينة place that we still do n't know
and بنحاول are بنحاول actually they are trying to see أحسن أحسن one who created الفرامل breaking system and أحسن best one to maintain safety and so on and even بيقيموا evaluate لسه according to كذا aspects so we are بقى making a team and so on
no
لأ
i do love movies .
my most favorite movie هو dark knight rises
هو يعني عن باتمان of course all الناس know it
should اقولك اقولك the أحداث of the الفيلم ?
a brief story is that that batman was بقاله there for a long time at .. at generally actually for reason that was in the previous movie و .. and but he was إضطر to come back because there 's somebody actually was about to come يعني هو wanted to .. to turn the whole city where he stayed upside down
that 's it and هزمه هزمه him at the end و there كان في war
it was a very good movie
honestly و i still do n't .. مش n't care about the job but أوي do care about المكان place
actually هي i wanted to go to a بلد .. some countries where i نفسي to أعيش so whoever will أعيش with me should understand me ?
unfortunately , لأ
honestly , each مريحة its مريحة حاجات حاجات يعني at university , بيبقى was free sometimes but this is not the case with working definitely
i would work to هبقى independent and this is the حاجة point that i am looking حاجة to
i have سافرت twice
okay first i traveled to السويد الفين تلاتاشر في two الفين and thirteen
i was playing handball مع my team
و stayed there for two weeks
the best was the .. the البطولة where we participated and we found many people there because they liked the handball actually هو can ينزل and يتفرج the كرة in the إستاد و so on
so the championship was an important حدث in the city there
so the first thing is the great تنوع يعني there were فرق from كل countries in the world as all of كلهم were almost in that place . in addition to this , people who were عايشة there attended the بتنزل and أخره كبير عدد was و .. and the opening celebration for example the stadium was totally full not with not only الفرق teams but من people .. people who عايشة عايشة there
الموضوع was like .. a festival في the streets all the الوقت as there في a lot of people who were .. كده living there
second i have been to saudi arabia for عادي
i which أنا can أعيش يعني
first canada أو استراليا
canada أو استراليا in the first حاجة . canadians عشان n't ما .. racism as they have عنصرية أخلاق so they will welcome حد
actually people there i do n't feel that .. that i am not welcomed there and i can feel that i am a stranger
in addition to this , there are إن عرب there في every يعني
in australia .. استراليا .. الحياة سهلة a little bit easy
يعني working دي is not that difficult for them
عندهم minimum الأدنى الحد عالي
actually even if i .. i go روحت استراليا for example ماعنديش have no problem with working anything that does n't relate في my major
i could work as bus driver i have no problem with that
it 's important to have an experience to live abroad in a country كده كده
no i هو حسيت إن i do n't want to .. to continue in a field that i am not sure about and that happened when i was in mechatronics actually
i did n't want to regret إن this decision after graduation then i would say that i should or .. أو that i meet مثلا to tell me اخش دخلت mechatronics and i would say no as i .. joined mechatronics but i wish i could joined another department
no .. no i did n't like to go for .. في يعني even if .. even if i changed the major and then graduated , i would n't like this . if i had remained in mechatronics , ماكنتش would n't have known that it was a mistake
فعادي 's okay ماعنديش have no problem with يعني i do n't regret anything like that
honestly , the experience with the team was n't that good .. no but in some حالات the team .. was good in general . لأ me , أوي مش no فارقة بالنسبالي both options honestly because in both الحالتين أنا كده would ببقى on الجزء individually
as well i have no problem to help حد أنا even if it 's not my part actually يعني
i have no problem
yes elon ماسك
that he will change كل now like the global warming that .. موجودة like that are المخاطر for ال .. البيئة in عامة the global warming is like the .. how i can call it ?
in general it .. it .. is related to .. بالحفريات fossil the burning of fossil بالحفريات الوقود actually هو it .. it كانت the most important part in his life
يعني he .. .. dedicated .. .. his life for this and in general he is a very successful person
i wish إن could be أوصله him في day
of course to be liked is better
no no i am a very easy person و it 's عادي i have no problem actually مابضايقش 's not annoying to talk with people
yes.sometimes i بتعامل with them ..
يعني maybe ال .. somehow i stereotype this as لو i لاقيت the الشخص in شوية of me is from .. من a certain type that i got used to deal with , i will deal معاه كده قبل to this concept even if معاه is not مثلا that , it means that i still do n't know him but i am just بفترض يعني
the best quality that i see about myself إن that i do n't get annoyed .. annoyed with عملي at all no matter what they did to عملي
في university yes بعمل بعمل do this
no actually sometimes maybe for example i أبقى في a debate with somebody و .. any من my ساعات okay and i my feel أنا أنا هو what i am going to say will be understood so ففتي will say nonsense and i know that i am saying بفتي عادي
and i can tell him بعد that أن i was saying nonsense actually
no they believe
لمدة a معينة period of time or in general عامة؟
it depends . لو i do n't ماعيش a mobile and the كله world is the same like me هو؟
yes , اه , no , it أنا okay i am talking about the .. the phone calls يعني
no actually لأ لأ .. for me the phone calls are very مهمة to me actually but i do n't care about قشطة other قشطة
what should i tell أقولك and how should أبتدي start ?
if you are pleased here , no you should stay تقعد
so i ممكن .. actually انا have n't been there مثلا but أنا can go somewhere and i do n't enjoy مانبسطتش and أحس feel أن dealing مع الناس is difficult for example أو something , here بتعامل deal مع people more easily so i can go عادي it 's أسهل
i do n't think شايف انت should do this حاجة .
i am originally من alexandria and i stayed هناك until i كان four years old
at first , i was in a français pre-school but لما we moved into alexandria .. when جينا moved from cairo . my mother does n't know français but papy does but he started a new job and so on and it was a start up and so on that he could n't have time to follow up with me so i had to go to تكون english school
و went في a national school and that 's بس
when i joined university في the very beginning , once i joined university i مختارة major materials and .. but later on because it 's بشكل ما related بشغل my بابا 's work و so on but بعد i changed my رأيي
i found this in .. in .. في .. in with many people and i saw their الشغل related بتاع mechatronics and so كده
واحد very close friend of mine was .. كان in mechatronics and .. and he يعني me to join حاجات field and i liked what he said to me so that 's why i دخلت for it
تمام
my bachelor project is actually somehow related to بالمجال optical field
it 's prepared in .. in the lab of بصريات
and after that actually it 's the introduction of the research .. actually هو medical بحث
we will use it later on after .. after that the results are supposed to be out so that it can be used in the medical research for .. for the sensors actually
ب .. it could be used بعد on as anyone can detect the weight of the weight بتاع cells cancer الخلايا for مثلا، , الوزن weight any kind of bacteria that its الكتلة جدا very small فصعب it 's difficult for anyone to detect it actually with the .. the العادى balance
okay my daily routine is that i start by doing something that nobody does in egypt يعنى
for example , كل people تقعد telling تقولي that they drink nescafe or coffee and so on but for me i do n't drink any of these , and not حتى tea or anything like that
actually بصحى i wake الصبح أشرب can drink milk like الأطفال ممكن like when i was in حضانة pre-school .. and i still drink الميكس mix chocolate milk
مثلا example , لو i get up too early because my brother 's school is near أخويا my university , sometimes i drive him جنب الجامعة بعد that i go to الجامعة and it 's still vacant that i can park my car easily في the parking area as i park my car on the first row of the parking الجراج which is really good because in الظهر الظهر i can easily find my car at once
that 's بس and now i بقي to the مشروع because this is my bachelor
and يعني for example i run my experiments or something , لو مثلا do n't do this , مثلا نكتب write تقارير reports or حاجة
and after that we all started to feel جوع so we all leave the lab و go out to eat and have fun for some time then نتسرمح come back and keep fighting ال .. to choose شغله is يرجع to continue working in the set up و كده on
that 's it .. and we are supposed to leave the lab at four o'clock and this never كله .. يعني maybe if خلصنا finish our tasks بدري , we can leave early and this what we like the most actually
and لو ماخلصناش ماخلصناش n't done , i should بقي working the whole day till the night comes actually مرة i قعدت there till الساعة pm
ف that 's it and on the midday لو خلصنا بقي early , i go and pick my المدرسة up و نرجع home
if i ماخلصتش n't finish early actually , i have intentions like anyone to lose weight and to اروح to the gym and أبقي be super fit and so on , i was بحاول for بحاول long time but i really بحب الأكل very يعني
generally الهوايات hobbies do .. do n't relate to my weekend plans or something no actually i can get up early in the morning and for example if i will not go مثلا , i can go to swim in the piscine of the النادى
و it 's عادى if i am stressed or something , أجري ممكن run on the track actually
my hobbies are all about القراية in عامة اصلا i love reading very much but it 's not restricted to the weekend or something
no the majority of my readings بال in .. بالعربي، arabic , actually i really بحب history and in general this seems weird to حد for example i chose تخصص engineering or something but i love history very much since i was صغيرة actually
i have no .. حاجات examples of my المفضلة كتاب يعني أنا have two favorites one like youssef zidan as أنا almost read all his novels and i just brought his new الروايات from معرض book fair but i have n't started reading فيها yet
i used to read the .. the genius بقرا umar i used بقرأ read العبقريات العبقريات of بقرأ العبقريات when i was young
i really like his style of الكتابة because it 's not easily understood من the first time you read and you love يفهمها، read يفهمها، as you love to read it more than once حتى في .. في style كتابة اللغة is .. unique ..
بالإنجليزي english % ma .. there was once something something that was also somehow مرتبطة to history , اسمها the manuscript found in accra
هي read قريتها as well and it was really good خصوصة because it 's كانت لباولو paulo لباولو كويلو
definitely i قريتله الخيميائي alchemist by باولو coelho but i read it in arabic لإن i had the same topic in the arabic project in .. in the secondary stage احنا كنا were supposed to read the story and .. and analyze it and then summarize it , and that 's it .. and .. that 's it
هو mainly want to travel
i want to اروح to اروح ألمانيا
actually first of all i عايزة to complete .. wanted to اعمل my masters
actually انا wish انا wo n't be late actually once i أخلص university .. يعني i am اخلص with الخمس five years of university اروح i will complete my masters at once but .. اي plans after that .. اه الماجستير masters that i am interested in should be related to cars
but actually after that who do n't wish to .. , work at mercedes بنز or bmw or anything like that ?
بس actually .. actually still .. .. definitely when i will start something مرتبط مرتبط to .. بالمجال this بالمجال and i find it مثلا في ماجستير ممكن i will start to search for more حاجات that i was not focusing on so at that ساعتها i فممكن have something very specific that ده .. this .. this is the dream job actually
the first تدريب that i attended كانت after semester four
i روحت to .. to the lab which was كيميائي chemical and analytical lab
ماكنش was مرتبط مرتبط that much with my field بتاعى i am having a .. a study about it
but انا كنت .. actually i عن it طريق one of my relatives
at that time .. i كان somehow broken ساعتها because .. i عملت n't do جدا in semester four at الجامعة so i wanted to feel that i am .. am good at something and that i انجح in فيها in ممكن to .. to get over this
so .. i started working there and i loved the experience as i حابيت to work بتعامل interact مع أكبر people حتى the idea that the field was different عن what i studied انا i اتعلمت a جدا
i discovered أن i have good information about الكيمياء
and that كانت the first time i felt that i spent a شهر و half و i did n't want to leave يعني i have plans يعني that .. whenever i have time , i أروح to work and so on even if i will حاجة once في week او something
the second .. second internship i كان after semester six and i عن got it through one من my relatives and هى was in .. emirates in sharjah
it was really كنت life experience لإنه خالتو stayed with my aunt in dubai and i used to .. to work at the lab but it was petrol بيترول actually لإنه was بقي related بال my .. my field because there ميكانيكية equipment and there were machines that they were making ميكانيكية assembly for it in order to .. to تشتغل on عليها the .. the .. the test
فأنا i used بصحى get up at 6 am to go to work at 8:30 and i used to بركب تلاتة buses , a metro and .. and a taxi and كنت spent two hours on my way to work
and definitely i was n't .. ماكنتش n't familiar with the accent of the ..
yes i سافرت traveled abroad . the first time i traveled was with my father when i was five سنين سنين . we went to turkey .. because papy was having job tasks there so we went with him
i had a situation هناك when my sister entered the toilette of الفندق الفندق و .. and she locked herself inside and she could n't open the door
we kept calling في الاستقبال reception so that they could send somebody to قرفتنا and until they sent بعتولنا somebody , فهموا did n't understand english يعني and finally they sent بعتولنا someone to open الباب door and she kept قعدت تعيط and so on
the second time يعني when i كنت in the third preparatory اما we went to turkey as برضه but المرة المرة i كبرت almost a grown-up and i still remember the تفاصيل there و i have many photos كده
the third time كانت when we went to لبنان , jordan and emirates but what was really weird was that we stayed for less than اربعين eight hours in each country because our الرئيسي goal was to go to emirates and stay with نقعد cousins and that 's it .. as for lebanon and jordan , أحنا went عنده because papy was having work شغل
so يوم we نزلنا , he went to الشغل and نزلنا had a tour all كلها beirut في less than a day
و we روحنا to oman
and .. and .. then to بقى
then a السنة later we went to dubai
then the next year we went to france
and that was the أول مرة for me to travel to europe و so on
and definitely , أحلى best place was ديزني يعني i am من number one fan of disney since i was young and i have already memorized their songs till now
و .. and it was the first time to travel to a european country and so on
and after that last year i went to dubai again and that 's بس
i روحت to siwa , siwa يعني مرة مع my friends from النادى club and we were all of the same young age
definitely , it was حاجة very new جدا the hotel there was n't a hotel هو was the resort itself as you felt as if you live in an قديمة place
and the country itself اصلا you feel أن you يعني a time آلة and that you went لورا even .. even الناس were n't familiar with people ال .. .. we were n't رجعتى with the culture there and so on
but she is لطيفة and لطيفة small and there were n't any kind of technology there or anything like that ولا were no cars there and if you look من the الحاجات at night , you can see a very clear sky full of نجوم and so on .. actually it was really nice honestly
منظربصراحة was such an amazing landscape as you were staying in the desert listening to the الصحرا ديابة ' sounds و other weird sounds
and .. and نزلنا swam هي the .. the sulphur springs and لطيفة was really nice
and luxor and aswan are nice too because i like monuments and الحاجات like that
but the other places مثلا الغردقة و و sharm عادى الشيخ دى are ordinary
no , sure , هبقى will love to هبقى abroad to مستقبلى my future and in الأول way or الأخر i am still young and if أنا did n't هبنى my future دلوقتى or did n't work hard now و .. يعني i should .. make a plan for the future
and my parents wo n't be مبسوطين with me if i فضلت with them doing nothing and .. this is what i really want من اصلا actually why not that i go for اختارها
actually i wo n't delay it يعني because i am afraid
definitely , انا know that it wo n't هبقي قاعدة to stay alone and .. and أنها will be مسؤولية big responsibility أن أنا become responsible عن myself و نفسك no longer .. have مسئول يلحقك help you in any problem but i think that they مش n't يلحقك me and they will come and بيتهيألى نفسك و أنا will visit them of course
that .. actually throughout my life عمرى am such a disorganized person as أنا ببهدل my حاجاتى everywhere and my room was never أوضتى حاجات و so on because i know أنا my عارفة will keep shouting at me for awhile then she هتلم organize everything
once she got up in the morning and she was very very tired that we had too take her to hospital و he found out that she was suffering from ضغط pressure so i felt that i made her devote her health and that i took صحتها health for granted يعني i used to think that it 's okay to leave everything messy because تعملها will come and tidy الحاجة mess
and i will pretend عارفه i do n't know but i realized that she was يعني tired and that we caused her مشكلة
فحسيت فحسيت that no i .. يعني not continue نفس .. this way and that i يعني أكمل to .. actually improve myself and .. actually i can even help her فلأ now we are facing a problem that she is not feeling well مش no i should help her and خصوصا that i am her eldest أخواتى
yes , أكيد father sure
أنا know أن this answer is somehow أجابة and many people may say so ب really .. يعني see him as a very smart and ambitious person
و .. and .. and he هو a self-made man that بنى نفسه on his بنفسه .. و هو is open-minded as he عاش abroad for a long time and .. and i like his way of thinking and the way طريقته .. he deals with people
and .. and actually even his دايما helps him think تسعين percent right .. actually whenever he speaks about something , he has ال evidence about حاجة so it 's already proved
and .. and he can foreshadow the events بعد on .. on his experience or something else that انا do n't know
and .. and he is a ناجح man in his work as he started his company from zero and now he is رقم one in his field و .. and his company يعني the كل company بتعمل make أحسن أحسن حجم أعمال
he هو a successful manager و engineer و .. and in addition to this he .. he كان the champion of مصر in .. ال and he كان the egyptian منتخب team coach في handball
he won the award of أحسن best african player
و .. و they won the african بطولة and عنده received a sport medal and .. and عنده عنده a وسام medal from .. from hosny mubarak
فيعنى .. he تلت three more languages other than arabic
و that 's it to me يعني he is a great جدا
أكيد of course especially if this field يعني work or something مثلا that
yes أنا i هستفيد benefit from حد that likes me then .. actually maybe .. that for example عندنا , as أحنا كشعب مصري , have strong emotions somehow
but people برا are very practical and they do n't have the concept of intimacy at work as they evaluate people according to their performance at work
maybe for example because i talk with people , for example i interact with الناس in a good way or something so that علشان respect me in ليا
actually i like to be respected و to be respected مش not because انا بلبس well or because .. actually maybe for example because مثلا talk to people , for example i interact with people in a good way او something so people respect me back
no no it لأ لأ easy that أنا can tell the story of my life to any passerby في الشارع street actually
actually لو انا deal .. deal with somebody that أنا know that his الخلفية for example .. his educational background غير different from my educational background مثلا أه definitely i .. only i want to change أغير way so as .. .. not to ببقي him
actually of course for أن i deal with .. with مثلا بتعامل actually .. actually from a lower social standard okay so i want to change y way in order not to .. to let him the بفرق
and no عمري have never .. أكيد .. يعني .. اكيد عادي if somebody did something wrong to me okay , i can .. can respond أساسها to what he did and i know that his طريقته is like that that 's why i am okay to deal معاه طريقته بنفس the same way
actually the usage of إنجليزي is that i استخدم using مثلا مثلا روابط and .. yes okay
actually it 's .. يعيني it أنه .. it يعني like a project or something for example sometimes i am required مثلا do something related to mechatronics for example حد is working in coding , , someone is working in معدات and other one is working in electronics
so yes somehow i may not في معينة tasks .. that أنا do n't understand exactly so فأه actually i will فهماها بالظبط the هقعد و .. و yes actually هحاول will try to make الكلام conversation longer until the one in front of me gets bored and actually .. i may وصلت his point .. for example i may reach عايزنى كده that he wants me to explain
no no اصلا actually sometimes i get up at ساعات بصحى على the .. the فوبيا actually i have .. the phobia of checking my mobile to make sure that nobody calls me then و will go back to sleep
it 's not a good thing in عامة and it causes headache to me for أيام sometimes i do n't do anything so ف .. i forgot معاه و i kept using it
and this is .. actually not good and sometimes it causes me headaches and sometimes بيبقي go and ask my mother عشانى خدى my mobile و not to give it back to me , لو somebody لمامي trying to call ماتديهوليش، ماتديهوليش، i do n't want to answer i had عايزة صداع، , i مش n't مش عايزاه answer
okay i will هقنعكوا you that .. أنه 's better to تكملوا your education abroad outside egypt
actually maybe for example there are some parents refused to let أهلهم children يبعدوا abroad .. وكده so on يعني they should يقنعوا their parents انه they did n't spend كل these years learning and at the end they are asked to put a limit للطموحات their ambitions .
يعني i .. .. i should .. .. try و each person has to have عنده own life experience
actually for example when someone you know like يا cousin for example gives you a negative feedback about عارفة abroad saying that people there are not good
no you should go and أنت this on your own to اكتشف how life is not suitable for you
you 'll go رايح بخلفية to your background and your specific expectations so أنت will feel ال .. that .. that actually you reach your goal and .. و أن if it really meets your expectations that you thought of before بيها or not
so .. actually you can not remain in مكانه place because .. your parents wanted you to be there
after that .. you 'll discover that time flies and you did what they want and not what أنت want and .. and at that time you 'll feel أن your life هو boring and تقول would blame طب for not doing so ? at that time you will be old enough that you have no time to regret what you did
and your life will be based على روتينية and it will be constant and you kept thinking that you should have done something and you did n't و this wo n't هيتغير anything
أنا was born في cairo and when i was in the .. الأول stage , i دخلت to .. to a private مدرسة and we used to learn arabic and english
i could n't .. could n't afford to continue learning at a private school so i went to public مدارس in the preparatory و secondary stages
بس definitely i studied كله in arabic in the preparatory و secondary stages
basically i دخلت computer science and my .. my التخصص is all about معلومات systems that we use كانت .. بنحلل analyze بيانات و الاسترجاع retrieval and التخزين التخزين and so on
and ليه did ليه choose حاسبات حاسبات ومعلومات؟ ?
basically because انا liked using computers since i was young
و at home they told me that i have two choices either i can be a computer scientist for example or to teach because i used to love teaching when i was صغير so i had to حاجة for any of these choices
my bachelor project بتاعي like a mobile application كنت i created to simulate the behavior of the google pay و ال .. و apple that هي i pay as well
we wanted to نعمل تطبيق شامل application where بتاعتك insert all your الكروت سواء they are الخصم card , credit card or affiliation card that has to do with a specific مؤسسة or something و you used them instead من getting الكروت out from your bag as you can just use them خلال the mobile
actually we wanted to have this idea as it 's .. is already there but we wanted احنا collect everything and put it في one place only which هو not آبل، , actually apple pay support some options وحاجات do n't support the other no e wanted to نساعد everything
okay my مش routine is not مختلف from الروتين traditional daily routine that الناس has
أساسًا i get up and check my schedule بشوف work then i get dressed و go to work
i do n't get حاجة like بقيت people do and this is totally different from other الناس
that 's it , and afterwards i check الحصص tutorials اللي i should finish أو the correction or meetings or مثلا of the sort or لو there 's something to work on in research , an experiment or so and that 's it
yes basically my favorite hobby is بحب بكتشف new music because i really love الأغاني , so i sit by myself و open anghami or something to listen to أغاني , if i like it , افتح get it , if not عندي، i will check another one
i بصي tell you basically when بصي was young , i used to listen to arabic songs rather than english بقيت , when i grew up , i did the opposite as i listen to english songs rather than arabic songs
yes i have a lot الأغاني favorite songs
for example michael جاكسون is one of my favorite but he died , and now ariana grande هو my favorite as well and that 's it
any بوب موسيقى singers but they should be good
yes it 's been a long time since i last watched افلام افلام
i will tell you هقولك last movie i watched at السينما cinema was الزجاج glass
that was the last فيلم دخلته watched في the cinema basically
it was about the idea of somebody who predicts that some people have supernatural خوارق such as those يقرأ read the العقول and those who did something else and he gathered them in a storyline
and في the end he wanted them to يعمل the same المسار and he wanted to يدخلهم them في a team but he فشل at the end
if the idea of experimental schools is موجودة there that they are public schools but at نفس same time they teach english وعربي arabic , but most of the subjects are in بالإنجليزي , i would go for such schools
لو this system is canceled , because i know that they are بيحاربوه it و they want to cancel it , in this case , بيحاربوه have to enroll ادخلهم in خاصة مدارس and the .. the main اللغة فيها is english and then the other language كده عربي
للأسف للأسف all كل fields of science is بقى in english بالإنجليزي، so if they do n't know عرفينه , هيعرفوا wo n't be يبحثوا، يبحثوا، do يبحثوا، and wo n't be able to يذاكروا , they ca n't produce anything
my dream job was teaching since i was young
انا كنت كنت love بحب teach when i was young
i used to كنت all my relatives and let them sit in front of me and أقعد kept explaining some topics to them
لو مش were n't a teacher , basically i would .. would study space science
but i did n't find it in مالاقيتوش مصر , and when i found لاقيته , i found something called a meteorological organization and حاجات like that
so they told فقالولي هتقعد i will do researches on the weather so i فقولتلهم فقولتلهم that this is not my ambition
اكتر wanted to do more than this
so this is إننا dream job , it 's somehow related بعلم space science
but currently my dream job is to work in the البرمجيات engineering that i should not only do البرمجيات coding but i also collect the requirements and check the متطلبات الرسوم for example and to see the user stories and things like that
basically i did n't attend any internships but انا would نفسي to but i was not accepted من any place , i do n't know انهم although they كانوا المجاميع with lower gpas than مني
but الفكرة idea is that هم do n't target the gpa maybe they بيستهدفوا another aspects
انا do n't know what it بصراحة عارف بس .
okay , now after working , do you اكتر المهنية life or university life when you كنت كنت student and you have no مسؤوليات at that time but also you have تذاكر study and so on ?
no definitely i would say university life because أساسا when i was at university there was في well structured program
for example , مثلا i was مطلوب مثلا مني will study one , two , اربعة , اربعة , you will get the grade , then هتنجح، will succeed and that 's خلصنا
but now , i am doing the العكس , as i restructure الحاجات الحاجات عشان let الناس تمشي me و بتنجح succeed في the end
definitely doing something من scratch أصعب more difficult من أتتبع a معمولة جاهزة system .
okay can you tell us about the آخر place سفرية سافرتها have سافرتها in مصر طبيعي أو what سفرية influence you the most ?
basically i am not the person you mean انتي i do n't like traveling and i بحب بحب make a lot of التحركات
يعني i am that النوع of person who loves to settle in a place , i do n't like to move a lot .
but أصلا it 's been a very long مرة since i last سافرت , it 's been خمس years since i last كان فيها .
i was in the states ف .. so what ربي؟ yes what i have seen there was different from what 's اللي in egypt
but what influenced me there is وسط downtown there as it شكلها very nice جدا، and there was .. was .. كان something like an arena where they بقى الماتشات matches of wwa that is wrestling and so on and i love this
so i hoped to attend such events
but بس saw it from outside it هو wow and the الساحة was huge
i will say basically actually , the question is actually i will هقولك , أساسا i have no مشكلة مع egypt كبلد a كبلد . my problem is with .. مع the العقلية as not ال .. all people بس the same or معظم of the الناس that live outside egypt , the problem بتاعتهم in بتاعتهم mentality
actually they misunderstand the people surround حوليهم
او that we have for example a حاجات level من السلطة , so you should follow us and if تعمل did n't do this , we will get into debates or حاجات like that
actually if .. if we removed those bad people and replaced مكانها with better الناس , انا هبقى be happy
i will هقولك، you هقولك، basically yes and أنا am في حالة state of mind like that , for example , i stayed for two .. or three سنين في الجامعة and i search مثلا and i .. i ببحث for example and i give توجيهية and كده 's it so this is اللي point و so what ؟ what 's next هكمل؟ would i continue this or not ? for example i can go for منحة scholarship as dalia told me or not لأ؟
فانا am in a state of mind and something like that and i do n't بقى where انا am ? or what am i going to ايه؟ ?
so يعني i 'm in a middle of a turning point
طب do you feel that this turning point is changing your personality ? or شخصيتك personality does n't change but you change your way of thinking so what will you do أيه؟ ?
it changes my way of thinking of course but it wo n't change في personality , because this is not that turning point that will change my personality a lot no but it changes my state for example it can take me to a better or a worse place , it depends on my thought
ماشي , good when you were a student or a طيب , do كنت prefer working in a team or .. or working individually to handle في project و everything on your own لوحدك؟
بص هقولك، tell you هقولك، when i was أنا student , i used to work individually لوحدي، and .. but عندي have trust issues
actually i do n't trust anyone easily
for example , i know that شغله performance at الشغل is not got or that هو will cause problems , so i هشتغل n't work with him
so most of the times yes i was making فريق for the sake of making a team but at the end i was doing everything individually and we pass the evaluation because i explain to everyone what أيه should do
at university as a ta , if i work في the course individually , i definitely prefer working في الدورة course individually بفضل of the organization so .. يعني it will be only one , so as not to have any miscommunication او something
ولو if i هشتغل work مع another تاني , it حسب on الثقة trust , my level
so فأه فانا for example i worked with ناس that i trust them greatly and i worked مع other people that caused مشاكل
yes there is , but we said that we will not هنقول name so of course there .
no دكاترة are دكاترة here at university
no , a lot of things . actually , there 's a specific معجب as i معجب everything أنا does
لأ actually the العرض skills that he has
طريقة way that he knows how to deliver the correct info to للناس
his way of thinking و التفكير المنطقي thinking عنده؟ do i عنده؟ عنده؟ ?
محبوب or respected تحترمني؟ okay .. لو people هو , they بتحبك definitely respect you at نقطة point .. some نقطة معينة
i أحب to أبقى liked rather than respected because at the end , if you like me , هتعرف can respect me somehow
okay , do you feel that الناس are an easy person to talk with في the الأول ? ولا they take وقت to break الحاجز الحاجز ?
بالعكس بالعكس contrary , أنا am the one who takes time to adapt with people , as anybody can adapt with me but i can not أتأقلم with anyone at once
في do you find it difficult to deal مع people من a مختلف social مستوى whether it كان higher or lower ? do you need to change your طريقة of speaking , your attitude in general when you deal with social مستويات and so on ?
i will tell what 's supposed to happen
you 're المفروض بتغير change بتاعك spee .. your speech based on which level you are talking with whether it 's higher ولا lower than منك
but i do n't know how to this
and that may cause مشاكل problems
فانا i like to avoid أتعامل with حد who is higher أو أعلى than me
but لو i had to do so , مني will respect مني who are lower , but sometimes this backfire عليا
sometimes he بقلل that i underestimate him or something
بالعكس the contrary , when i call him sir or something , فكده considered that i am showing arrogance but أنا do n't mean this at all
هقولك، will tell you , the best trait i have is that i like being helpful
actually i لو not to change this trait whatsoever actually
if he بيجدب a liar
i can هعرف deal with معاه at خالص
بص هو لجأت done لكده actually , but as لجأت the evaluation i like when i هتكلم about something , i بكون understand في أنا am talking about
if i do n't حاجة this .. i will هقولك you that i do n't يعني or i can ask about what قصدك mean
honestly i was not بكل بصراحة موقف , but i have never been في this موقف
i have never .. i always like to be ready و بالكفاءة enough
i كده بتحط like بتحط be في situation like that
لو .. if you .. لو you will remove the applications yes maybe , لكن if i .. i هستخدمه هستخدمه احتاجه to talk to people , maybe i need somebody في example , so فيعني no .
طيب as for the اخر question , can you choose anything you حاجة و persuade us of for example .. you can persuade us to نكمل ماجستير 's , ان travel abroad , or not to travel abroad , or anything .. anything that you أنت persuaded of to let us be persuaded
yes طبعا , أول of all i was born في alexandria
i كنت to a قومية school عادي i became in .. in middle three , so i went لتالتة an ig or البريطانية، , but after that i بقى four years سنين اربع ig البريطانية
في finishing the ig , i used to focus mainly علي fields like mathematics , فيزياء والاتصالات ict لإن at the that time i thought ممكن joining computer science or anything related to بمجال field
بعد خلصت school , i went to cairo , joined the university في cairo و i did majoring in حاسبات science as i wished to do this , but it كانت definitely هندسة هندسة طبعا there 's not computer science في that university
and now i graduated and became an مهندس، , it 's mentioned in دلوقت id that i am a free electrical engineer and i 'm بدرس as a teaching assistant hardware courses
it was mainly english and وعربي، , but there was french at the beginning
yes my bachelor was عنوانه تلعيب physiotherapy وألعاب android wearable game for adolescent patients , a very long title
basically it was about serious games مع hci
there were kids اطفال، or in general there اطفال اطفال having problems في their muscles , they ca n't move their hands or their wrest and so on , فكنا احنا was trying to teach them their physiotherapy exercises بطريقة a fun and تفاعلية way بتاعتهم، gamified
there was a smart wearable that detects the movements of the child
and there هو mainly لعبة لعبة that was بتاعتي، بتاعتي، it كان called music chasers and it 's all about اغنية اغنية and song was being played as long as هو made الحركات once الصحيحة، movements الصحيحة، if he made a wrong movement , the song تبقى be paused and he should continue doing the right movement so as not to stop الأغنية song
so mainly it 's that he exercises او do his physiotherapy exercises
and instead of going to a certain institute to get treatment or something and even in the countryside where ماعندهمش do n't have القرى or take a طويلة، time to go to a hospital , so no using android device و smart ملابس enables him to do تمرينات في home
so mainly this semester هو because .. i have a lot of tasks in the first slot so i get فبصحى early
actually i حوالي up at 7 am or 7:30 am
i already ساكن ساكن to الجامعة actually , in the same area , so i do n't have to get up too اصحى and يعني i have my own car عربيتي، so i have no مشكلة
i get up بفطر، have breakfast , go to university and check لو i عندي teaching تدريس، i have تصحيح امتحانات like امتحانات , finals أو quizzes , i عندي content المادة for للأسابيع coming للأسابيع
after going home , i call my friends to hang out to watch the matches like أبطال league for example or we can play soccer and son او i sleep و that 's it
هو in the الجمعة , i like to أقابل my friends on friday in الجمعة يوم until it 's 4 o'clock for example
we usually نلعب the tradition of كورة soccer on saturday at night at one أحد the schools , in that area
فبس actually maybe because i do n't have long weekend in this semester because i have teaching first يوم saturday السبت، so عندي have to prepare the content on friday because i have teaching on wednesday fifth actually so my weekend in this semester is thursday and friday
actually i have a break on thursday and بعد friday i بحضر، , i have first teaching يعني
مش أوي
أنا 'm pretty متأكد it 's english because أنا already hate the عربي الأدب
i do n't مش exactly the last book but everything was أكاديمية، أكاديمية، , it 's related to master 's تقريبا أصلا
the آخر movie i watched at السينما cinema was كابتن مارفل
i كنت very anticipating to see what 's going to هيحصل in avengers end game و الأحداث build up of avengers end game , فدخلت i went to watch it at the cinema
yes actually expectations versus reality بالواقع، هو movie was n't that
بس now actually he completed the الناقص الجزء of the مارفل cinematic السينمائي
maybe because i هو in the ig in an international , i definitely support the international education system
although the governments are making improvements
but also i اعتقد that they are my children as they are supposed to receive the best تعليم provided من international institutes and international curriculum
هقولك، will tell you , basically , هو first thing for example اصلا i became مدرس ta ?
i wanted to complete the master 's and also at the same time i want to work in the industry
so actually فانا بحلم goal أو my dream بيها is أسافر أسافر مصر , and to go to واحدة of the tag giants in usa
أبقى used to travel there , and وفي the same time , أشتغل wanted to أشتغل in حاجة research and والتطوير
the r and d the parts that develop and their things , يعملوا do research behind the applications and the software and the المعدات and so on
but actually i 'm dreaming of pursuing للماجستير master 's in egypt and دكتوراه phd abroad , i do n't work في the academic field as التدريس teaching would be my main focus or my الأساسي، role , but to work in industry as research والتطوير development
as internships or as a كطالب , i used to work in شركتين شركتين in three شهور
i worked for a month فيها the first company and i worked for two months in the second company
both companies have nothing to do with development , كانوا were just it , technical support or maintenance
it فكانت a good experience لإن i did n't بدرسها this at الجامعة، الجامعة، but actually we have work and people are مهتمة in this
after ما , after i had خلصت the التدريبات , i became مدرس ta
actually people are تستغرب especially my friends as i did n't really like المعدات courses and actually أنا 'm not into hardware , yet the two courses that i تدريس are مناهج courses because for me hardware is actually حاجة teaching-wise .. or أنا find it easy i mean
maybe مش 's not the best حاجة or the most حاجة أمتع thing , بس بعد i taught the hardware تدريس no i felt that they أنا good but i 'm interested in them , although my master 's بتاعي not معدات، معدات، و actually عمري will not ما هركز on mastering أوالدكتوراة phd in hardware
لإن definitely it 's full of a lot of technical details and i was not the cleverest one in الفيزياء and so كلها
but no actually i am glad و i have no problem
all my colleagues in the office and all المدرسين tas said that they wished to be مدرسين again المساعدين and so on is better that working مساعدين tas
i am the only one who says no , شغل as tas is أحسن أحسن , it 's not the best career as a ta but the best thing is that i do n't study , انا would n't بذاكر، final exam and i should امتحان for it , i do n't have projects , لأ maybe it لأ يمكن .. a شوية bit flexible
but إنما for me i study a certain منهج to هدرسه، it , but no i see that working الحياة احسن احسن than being a student
no i have never traveled abroad
inside مصر؟ ? a place that i عاجبني؟ ?
actually technically i am not .. not .. not into egypt that much , but at that time when i was living in اسكندرية، , what i really liked was when i went to جيت and saw the egyptian museum and the pharaonic والآثار and so on
to me alexandria as a coastal city , as we used متعودين متعودين by the beach and even the north coast and so on , things like that , and even the الآثار there were more into roman روماني، like romanian and greek monuments
when i saw the أصولها of the pharaonic civilization such as الأهرامات pyramids , the sphinx and so on , no actually i felt إن egypt تراثها a great heritage
it was somehow شوية
as i told in the beginning , my dream is to travel to europe or the us , i pursue my الدكتوراة degree , and after that كده will work there and استقر in one من the tech giants , so اصلا فطبعا هقبله i 'll هقبله هقبله
mainly , when i participated in طلابية activities at university especially my آخر سنتين years
no my way تفكيري thinking started to change
the community was مختلفة، as they بدأوا يشكلوا يشكلوا actually the new الأصدقاء that كنت بعملها or الصداقات الجديدة friendship اللي كنت i used to make بعملها i بدأت ت .. to تشكل و it influenced me خاصة when i see my friends for example say what they want to do when they grow up
no فحاسيت felt إن i can change my vision of الحياة
but no actually i was determined when أنا was at المدرسة to join computer science and i دخلت computer science
maybe في the آخر few years أبقى dreamed to be a ta بس not because ta حاجة good حلوة، but because i want complete master 's and i want to make phd وعايز to continue this الطريق
no i find what i تحصل in my حياتي so it 's achieved . no i feel that actually that such الحاجات نفسي that i have already wished are being achieved
it depends on the projects
actually for example the game for instance , i قولت my partner that i will هعمل it كلها للشريك my own
it كان شيق interesting
it was yugi-oh and i used بحب love yugi from the childhood الطفولة
فقولتله told him that i do n't need his help جنب، that i هعمل work on the whole project on my own
جبت god i got a plus at the end and قفلنا finalized everything
لا it .. it was a good المشروع جامد الصراحة
so that was a type of project قشطة like to أشتغل on لوحدي
there are some other مشروعات that we should divide the tasks as each واحد will be responsible بتاعته، his المهام and so on because they are projects mega projects big مشروعات
محتاجة require multiple people to work on
it 's a صعب question honestly
هو أساسا when a person feels down , does he actually say it 's okay i do n't care about the الدرجة whether it 's five percent , ten percent , percent fifteen percent من project the project ?
فيعني actually it 's عادي what 's important لو what درجة we will get
but no by في end actually as motivation-wise , we يبقى نشتغل على the المشروع for مثلا before بنجهز we could go and watched a match for example , actually there motivational boosters يحفزونا get us more motivated
we can have a break for some time without working on the project , we نخش to السينما، cinema السينما، actually
no ماعنديش do n't have مثلا example .. i do n't have a role model in all fields , i have only one
but no i have a role model in a specific field that i want to achieve a goal that مثلا has already achieved
for example for example when it comes to technology , steve بتاعي هو my role model مثلا example
when it comes to soccer يعني i prefer for مثلا مثلا like abu trika or mohamed salah as role models
but i do n't have المثل specific role model in general
محبوب or تحترمك؟ ?
أعتقد أعتقد تحترمني
why ?
because actually if people respect you فهي eventually they .. will like you
but maybe at the beginning they fear so they respect you for مثلا or maybe they are fear or حاجة
but after بس , أول they get to know you اكتر، اكتر، especially that إنت بتعامله him with respect and so on , so maybe eventually you may like each other or there might be likelihood or whatever
no it 's okay i have no مشكلة at all , actually i love to get to know people actually , i am جدا sociable in this part
no actually for example they can get to know me in a very short وقت actually
i do n't .. مش n't take time to get خالص know people
social مستوى as in what يعني؟ ?
as كتعليم كتعليم actually definitely for example in الطبيعي لو i speak with code-switching لغات، i .. i .. i switch from arabic into لإنجليزي for example بنقل lot of my speech , no فمثلا example i choose for example if أنا am in a تاكسي أو any transportation , of course i wo n't speak with him in بالإنجليزي in .. such context
so i had to speak using .. بمصطلحات that هو يفهمها
i am حالم and i like to imagine how my future will look like
if he does n't respect other الناس or he يتنمر يتنمر them
and things like ده
i معاد a deadline for example and ماعملناش have n't even started حاجة
دي .. this is mainly الضغط
but مواعيد are n't deadlines projects و so on , no they are deadlines في my life in general , for example for كمثال such مثلا submitting your military status documents , urgent things that are really مستقبلي to your مستقبلي and you can ينهار everything ممكن you do n't do it
maybe أبقى became مضغوط over a presentation for example شغل أو interview or شغل، , and so on as my حياتي، حياتي، my life depends on passing this interview or this presentation , so no i am stressed
بس if i am مستعد , it 's كويس فعادي stress will go away
i kept كنت you about the functions of the anode and cathode
it ممكن be .. no i did do this in the bachelor كده
الندوة seminar no ممكن even the seminar presentation also as فيها topics included مصطلحات that we did n't understand such terminologies
because in the الندوة , he gave you papers تقروها تقروها and تعرضوها present أبحاث الأبحاث
فاللي you do n't understand بتقولها , إنت just بتقولها as it is بالمصطلحات its terminology و that 's it actually
but no لأ، but actually most probably no i did n't use sophisticated .. words before because i did n't understand
i never had something like that
no
because basically the mobile is now connected to everything سواء it has اجتماعية، network , الكلام الكلام , chats , and so on
of course some people are trying to get away عن الموبايل الموبايل and so on , but no i feel إن my life مرتبطة مرتبطة to it as i should check for مثلا my حاسس الأخبار , i check مثلا مثلا instagram انستاجرام، check twitter , أشوف the news
even for example i want to call somebody for example even phone أكلمه it 's شرط to be texting
no the mobile should be أساسية عند each individual in the world
you remind me of السوداء mirror
so ففنياً the episodes of السوداء mirror بتناقش how ممكن التكنولوجيا go wrong
so okay yes communication-wise the situation was أحسن better بكتير، , الناس sit وجها لوجه face and تتكلم، communicate تتكلم، now الناس can just send texts و even short قصيرة
but eventually now you can تكلمي to somebody in another دولة , somebody in another تانية , it becomes much easier to talk with him instead of أسهل , so this makes him closer
but definitely يعني it 's like a سلاح ذو حدين، edges , actually ممكن ممكن يكون bad , or it could be good , but i see that المميزات advantages are more than its disadvantages
no it ده .. it صعبة difficult اقنعكوا اقنعكوا you to ..
should i persuade you to do something ?
okay
definitely يعني last السنة there كان so many people asking us what إيه the importance of embedded systems course in our life ?
and احنا as dmet especially ك why do we study hardware in such level تي، ده، and that we implement wiring parts توصيلات؟
and people already بتكره التوصيلات التوصيلات from مشروع كهربائية two to project dsd
و why do ليه deal with hardware ?
أحب like أقولكوا tell you people that those who are in mechatronics بيحلموا to take this جماعة المدمجة course
إنتوا you take course دورة mechatronics department do n't take
while mechatronics have to take a diploma دبلومة be able to pass the test
and you have like fifty خمسين، sixty , ستين، percent of the content of the الاختبار، , there 's only one small part missing
so actually تكونوا could be hardware مهندسين and to make money and be rich
i was born in cairo
i عيشت here في egypt until i was in grade six i went في .. مدرسة
i went to a school in eltayran street
i live in نصر، مدينة نصر، abbas elaakad
i were there لحد i was in grade ستة
after grade 6 i traveled to emirates
i used to stay in .. in el ain
i كنت to an american school
i graduated in two thousand and fifteen
و i joined this الجامعة engineering mechatronics
why ليه i اخترت ميكاترونكس؟ ?
because i love working in the المجال الصناعة industry
and في حاجة نفس time i hate theoretical materials
i يبقى like practical عملي
and i هقنعك persuade هقنعك by في end
تمام
but
as i told you i love practical work
at the beginning كنا كنا to study the materials of فيزيا , math , and chemistry that we used to study in the general secondary
but بس were n't the افضل for me
i did n't start to like the .. the major itself as mechatronics except in الترم five maybe
because i started to find بذاكرها بذاكرها كنت studying الحاجات physics and math and i started to see it
i ابتديت to see it اشوفها، i يعني that i started to apply what اطبقها بإيدي
my التخرج project mainly focused on the field that we did n't study at university especially it 's optics
and the optics in the .. the coming , actually the sensors that we are using now are no longer افضل best
so بتاعي project عبارة about the sensors that monitor cancer cells
i get up at الساعة am
exactly an hour and i take الباص bus at 7 o'clock سبعة، the bus arrives الجامعة at eight to fifteen o'clock
the day starts from 8 o'clock until 6 الساعة by maximum
no , i do n't like reading at خالص .
the movie life of pi
this movie عبارة about an indian boy
this indian boy he had حديقة حديقة in الهند، , and decided to يهاجر معاه with him all the animals
he immigrated by الهجرة بالسفينة، ship , that 's it
و when they were on the ship , السفينة ship sank
nothing remained on the السفينة except the boy pi and the tiger
he did n't discover that that the tiger is alive until he كان a boat trying to survive و he found the النمر came from the ship
that 's it , he was in water كلها that time , he was trying to survive , how to eat , ازاي to drink هيشرب، ازاي هي .. , he sailed by boat until هو reached the للشط
that 's it
مافيش 's no .. no مغني مغني that i بحب to اسمعله، to , on بالعكس contrary بسمع listen بسمع everything
i do n't always care about the lyrics as much as i care about the rhythm and معايا الموسيقى itself
before i start thinking of mechatronics , انا hoped to join aeronautical engineering
but our مشكلتنا is ان هندسة الطيران هندسة is موجودة in cairo university only
و this كان صعبة صعبة to جدا
but the second option for فتاني is mechatronics
so as for my dream كوظيفة , i ادخل to join mechatronics in the aeronautical engineering
okay well , can you tell us about the internships that you attended or دوام full-time or part-time jobs that عملتها had when you were at الجامعة؟ ?
i have never ماعملتش any jobs whether they بدوام part-time or full-time
but i هي only one internship in summer in مصنع car factory
that 's بس
it was for a month
we used to watch the assembly line of cars , the مراحل of collecting the automotive parts , the stages of painting
i do n't like حاجة theoretical
i have n't started to enjoy the .. the التخصص until i started working on التخرج bachelor
and actually i learned topics hundred times more than what i اتعلمتها in the سبع semesters
انا كنت to live in الإمارات so .. regardless of الإمارات لأ i have never been to anywhere تانية
sharm elsheikh
i liked the landscapes there , ال .. at the hotel without any responsibilities مسئولية، without anything else , it 's only relaxation
definitely for me , if i found that it wo n't مش any difference and that it 's like staying here , no definitely i will stay في my homeland
if الفرق difference ملحوظ، significant , yes و have no problem to make this decision اقعد live عادي
بالعكس بالعكس بالعكس , i will deal with a جديدة culture معاها، new people جديدة، a تماما، new different حياة , so i بحب this
at first as ما told you , in the اول semesters at university , it كان totally theoretical for me , as we used to solve حسابية equations , i did n't want this
but at حاجة نفس time there were n't anything else او the other major will not be هيبعد to ده at first
كان to استنى the best اختيار فكان to continue و wait
actually for me , i made مرة car accident حادثة، before this , i was جدا، reckless , but فقبل that , i started ب .. to take كل into account before doing اعملها، اعملها، and that 's it
the .. ليه الجماعي work has its advantage و the single work has another advantage
in the group work كتير، you collect ideas from many people . فبالتالي as a result the probability to get the best result is كبيرة
انما when لوحدي، work alone , i will be secured about the .. بتاعة quality that هشتغل a result of my مني
the implementation of the الفكرة نفسها يختلف
like we can summarize this in بإختصار بإختصار that يعني , too .. اللي many cooks spoil the broth
my father
to me هو مسئولية a very big responsibility
i did n't find this in any other father , بطبيعة يعني
but to me he is the perfect model actually i do like him
i do n't mean that i هو the same as he did , no the way he deals مع الناس، , his attitude , هو mentality
i like to imitate him
محبوب liked is انا i change myself to ي .. be liked , و the same happens with the other التاني
i will keep اتغير لإن i wo n't be هعجب by everyone at once
in order to be liked by someone .. i will change for this reason علشانه، و i will change for the sake للتاني the other person
but to be respected , i .. i will be the only one , that 's بس
فإللي whoever likes me .. should like me as i am كده، هو this هي .. is respect and he will deal with معايا based on this دوة، دوة، i wo n't need to change myself for him
i مش بحب to deal مع that kind of شخص who thinks that he is the smartest واحد in the world
there 's not a smartest واحد in الدنيا الدنيا
بالعكس the بالعكس انا will to deal مع the اللي who accept the other , ممكن could be a good idea but at the same time ممكن it ممكن be وحشة
personally انا i can find both good and bad ideas
but i بيبقي the one who thinks that he 's اذكى smartest واحد in the world العالم، because نفسه is very arrogant , in a higher level يطلع started يطلع wrong ideas لمجرد because he believes that he is the best
reckless
i was ببقى reckless in ردود decisions i made , and sometimes in my reactions
بس now i am trying to stop being احد متهور، , و to stop my spontaneous reactions
i kept بفكر before doing anything or taking any action تجاه anything
naturally i have a different taste
and mostly متقلب كبير
and i do n't .. مش n't give the الفرصة to anyone who deals معايا me because i هو that he wo n't like ده
unless انا قعدت with him for a period of time ايه، we are trying to discover one another
we understood each other we ومشيين علي the same track we started .. started اتعرف get to know عليه more and i started اتعامل deal with بعض more , and as a بالتالي he can get closer to me يعني، , that 's it
no not خالص، all , on the contrary في community that surrounds me , i feel that كلنا are all the same level
i مشكلة to problem to deal with them
this بالنسبة to do with university
outside الجامعة , of course you interact with other people
i ممكن اتعامل with عمال، , engineers , doctors , the way i deal مع each person differs . so i should .. see who اتعامل deal with , and i start to deal مع معاه in الاسلوب بنفس way
if انا study and باحفظ، باحفظ، احفظ، memorize memorize for the exam علشان what should i do after الامتحان؟ الامتحان؟ الامتحان؟ nothing
when i finish the exam و realize that نفسي forgot something مثلا، like مثلا i wanted مثلا، remember something that ذاكرتها have studied في the previous semester , i could n't افتكرها it قبل some time , فببتدي فببتدي افتكرها to feel that انا 'm مضغوط
so what it is
راح i can راح the information فين، or the part .. part that i know , where i راحت found it
okay later on , who will tell me this or will teach us this
okay .. يعني did it happen before موقف انك were in an evaluation at university or any other situation when you were asked a موضوع that you did n't understand , so you had to speak in english or mention very كبيرة مصطلحات في order to .. تعدي الاجتماع meeting and that 's all خلاص، and اللي one in front of you يقول من you really understand فاهم، فخلاص الموضوع؟ situation would pass
no , بالعكس the contrary i am very حريص غامض in such situations انا .. even لو i am vague in my speech كلامي، that اللي one in اوصله of me can understand clearly what i say يعني if he does n't understand , i will make it more clear for him ، otherwise it will be misunderstood
طب غلط if it 's wrong , what will happen next ?
no i hate being in such level , i prefer being واضح and honest في everything
or i i want to فيه a certain اوصلها، اوصلها، i reach this point and keep repeating it until ما becomes واضحة
can we live without a mobile و why موبايل؟ ليه؟
i like isolation العزلة، so maybe , actually i can live without a mobile for a certain period of time
but انا i reach اكلم some point ان i want to call somebody , i want to اكلم something , فلأ no i will need it
عاوزها؟ حاجة want
وقف
you 'll see هنشوف this will take ازاي، ازاي، let 's يلا
i can persuade you ان mechatronics اهم اهم important than تي
because in met , هم بيبرمجوا
or according to what فهمي understand هم code that 's it
as for mechatronics و we code , connect electricity , نوصل mechanisms
so احنا we said that .. that تي can the same tasks of ميكاترونكس، , لأ . but mechatronics can do the tasks of تي
so as a result mechatronics is more important
okay , okay , what كلامك have said is relatively right ولكن .. i wo n't هقول ان ميكاترونكس is not مهمة، , mechatronics are very important , because they have their work but at some point when you code , إنت 'll reach a لسقف where you can not تكمله
as for mechatronics , it مش n't need the complexity بتاعة coding that they use at work or in computer حاسبات or بيتعامل in general
as for mechatronics , the .. the part of code is what يستعملها، use , it 's the mostly used part , he know it very جدا
i do محتاج need more
on the contrary , besides جنبها knows electricity , يعرف mechanics
as for تي , he can sit in front of a robot روبوت، and just write the code
okay طب this code reacts , how it works
okay why it did n't work ليه؟
الكهربا electricity is connected to it , and so on كله، مايعرفش can not do يعمله
exactly , sure
بس this does n't mean that this is more اهم من اهم حاجة
okay should i tell you my age سني؟
no it 's not necessary
i دخلت to national français school then i joined an international university
i joined mass إعلام
كده 's why بعد تخرجت graduated from university i came back here تانى
now i am working at another جامعة which is international as well but it has nothing to do with my university مالهاش they have radio tv department , this department has a channel where i am شغالة at بتاعتها، i am شغالة as شغالة presenter و i أنا here معاك you
okay , ال .. was at mass communication , of course i كنت at the department of radio and television .
i like so much something called mic , that 's why i am very happy that you are talking with me بتكلمنى
. my graduation project was about الصور effect of pictures in people 's life .
we have قابلنا many different people , one حد old aged , other is younger and other in the mid age , so , بتاعتها take the experience we have ناخذ many مقابلات وصورنا we took many وصورنا وروحنا we started to do something like an intro in the الاول , انه about the impact of كل photo on the الناس 's life .
we took photos for those persons who are graduated .
for those who are playing a game , we think how to بيعمل the photo can بتكون ذكرى مهمه memory on people 's حياتنا .
that was التخرج graduation project بتاعى
i was hoping and it was my dream job to be مذيعة مذيعة , until i got the chance and the opportunity to work at the channel in the university .. the one which i am working there till دلوقت .
okay in the أيام الأسبوع باصحى i wake up in the morning , taking my breakfast and then , go to the work . after work , i go to the gym and then see if i have بعمله important to do or not , if not , then , i go outside بخرخ spend a time مع my friends .
that is happening in the الأسبوع ده
in الشتاء weekend بقى i must have a vacation و travel anywhere even if it is for يومين days only . فى الشتاء , i do n't travel anywhere , فيه is only جيم or go out with my friends .
i like swimming and dancing very much أو i like riding horses as well , but , actually it is very rare to practice riding it a lot .
yes , but i do n't بقرا بقرا lot كثير
look , the last book
no , not the أخر كتاب , but , we can say that the book which really touched me was a very different book , it is not related to increasing knowledge or information , it is a book called `` hebta '' , i think you will حسيت حسيت people know it , i felt it هو a book talking about real life .
it هو not the أجمد book , but , it touched me personally . i am not going to tell you a مقولة from this book , but مش i will tell you my عامة quote which i usually follow through all my life مثلا it said بتاعتى حياتى believe you can and you 're half way there '' ..
the story of أخر last movie اتفرجت watched .
it was فى the cinema , it كان an عربى ماكانش السينما actually , not إنجليزي , كان is called `` men 's secret club ''
, tell you ? أحكى story .
طيب , in general , هو was talking that people كانت different there . my friends told me to go and watch it , because they told me the boys are very very bad , وحشين look what they are doing . look , finally the goal of this movie that boys ليهم having their خاص world .
my personal opinion is رأى a البنت can deal مع boys without losing نفسها , and let الولاد الولاد thinks by another way , and at the same time girls must think ومتكتكة put plans .
very much , i like listening to songs very جدا .
no , لأ like anything , عربي and english , and any type of song خالص there is اي a certain type of songs .
i بقى to طول بسمعه , but , i do n't like to hear this type of songs a lot as it can depress me , do you understand فاهمة؟ فاهمة؟
وقت the time of university , كت دخلت at something called .. do you want me to اقول its name ? okay , there was something related to بالبورصة stock بالبورصة , but , i كان responsible for the media department فيها .
كان was another thing تانية yes , it was خيرية charity , i was the one responsible for the charity there .
كنا were helping الناس from .. from inside the university , the university became to have a role .
there was another thing , it was برده , those 3 دول together , those كانت things i liked mostly . when , i was at school , there was n't anything from المدرسه .
بصى هو i am هنا at the .. at the channel of this university , i am the presenter .
وهى , since i اتولدت a child , من dream وظيفة was to be a مذيعة , so , if انا did n't take the chance to work there انا i would .. actually i was asking الناس about a job , i.e . to have a job .
ده بجد really .
so , till i وصلت here , yes بلاش، i am working with مرتبطة university , but , in another online channel not مرتبطة بالجامعة the بالجامعة , so , still more than 1 person tell me that it is very difficult and it is better to بقى، this job , but , it مصممة difficult to find another , then , i insist on the .. that 's why here او there it will هي my dream وظيفة .
i have أخدت my internship فى berlin from a very short time .
it كانت something related to the social الاجتماعي , but mostly أزياء , they said as i am مذيعة presenter so , of course i will have a background about fashion and الحاجات , so , i ممكن help .
it was for two to three weeks only and رجعت back .
look بصى every stage has its own حلاوتها points , i miss those days . when i was a student i was enjoying my life , i was sleeping or going outside at any time حياتى، but , now حياتى، feel with بضغط stress دلوقت
at the time when i was a student , i was feeling with stress , but , now i know that stress is much ثانيه .
أنتى think you want to تفكرى old تكبرى، want تكبرى، be better , think what the next step is .
this is good and that 's good , but , of course what i am in بصراحه good as well .
اه , i traveled سافرت باريس بس before , but , it was a من a very long time .
سافرت traveled to berlin as well , more than 1 time مره
i traveled سافرت italy .
mostly were فسح أغلبها .
i سافرت to malaysia because one of my relatives is from malaysia , that 's why i went there .
i سافرت to thailand سافرت
every place has its own الثقافة , so , بتاعتها is something good to بتعرف different and new things كل
look , thailand اكثر the most مختلفة ديانة from us and عن any other culture , because in thailand , الديانة الديانة is بوزيه , it is حاجه very مختلفه religion .
ال .. the food was جدا .
ماكتش , i did n't بجد اكل i can eat there .
they are eating insects and uncooked food .
in malaysia , يعنى was a little bit asian , yes , it was similar to it , but in ماليزيا is a country which has foreigners وفى it has everything you need فكل so , everything ليها .. has the .. things known by its country بتاعتها، كل الحاجه has its بتاعتها، culture .
of course أوروبا حاجه is something completely different .
we are احنا on something completely different .
maybe what makes asia different , that فيها has many activities like swimming with الفيل elephant , or anything related to fun .
بس , europe known by its high عادي .
فينيسيا and milano , why ? because .
why ليه؟ because , venice it is an extremely good country , حاجة idea that the way of your transportation is by using something like مركب small boat , makes you feel that everything is going بزي ease and خفيفه، لذيذة، . فيها you can feel with a great elegance .
and milano , because it is known by أزياء , and i adore حاجه called fashion , there is an شياكه في the .. in the .. in the .. way of walking , not the way to wear the clothes , but , في the way of المشى itself .
that is me , دي يعنى as my personality .
no . at first هفكر i will think , because it will depend on the job , what it will be this bob , if it is عايزاها i like or لأ؟ ? what is he language اللغه ?
so , if it is paris مثلا i will هاقولك you انا , because i was learning french at the school time .
بس , still , what will be the الوظيفة ?
am i going to like this job or not ?
is is it good or not حلوة؟
هت هت .. is it going to suit me ولا هغير مساري خالص؟ to switch and change the career خالص؟
all of كلها are going هتفرق make a هتفرق with me , if i am going to agree or not .
سافرت .
not too much as well .
فى are many things كتير do n't ماعرفهاش ماعرفهاش
i رحت before الاقصر luxor واسوان aswan رحت
هتجنن want to go to dahab و i never went there .
i went before to اسكندرية , and all these .. known places .
but , it was too many here كثير egypt . .
and of course i طبعا طبعا fayoum before .
but , i did n't go to many places here in كتير .
من سنتين years ago , i حادثة a big accident جدا
i lost memory for we can say two or three days تلاتة
أيام مافتكرهمش do n't remember at all .
and the accident was not here هنا تانيه , it happened in another governorate تانيه
مافتكرش i ca n't برضه مافتكرش there تفاصيل many details as كثيره i ca n't remember وشوفت but , i heard and i knew أنا أنا was almost near to lose my life in a second .
i was receiving a treatment for 4 months , i was having many injuries in my body result من this accident جدا
in كل place in my body .
من telling you details يعنى
but , after i knew ان i lost memory and i knew that it was for two three days it is a short time تلاتة so , i found فاكرة i am still able to remember بكل old memories except the details of الحادثة accident , that 's why i asked حسيت why am i feeling upset ? مافيش is nothing to make me feel upset عليها
من that time of ساعتها accident , my way of thinking changed . for example : if there is الزعل happened that might annoy me , so , انا will take the decision to think ان it is الزعل deserves to get upset on it or not . the same , if lost عارف job or i argued with someone مين، because there اكثر other important حاجات to thin about .
بص , both are good , but , sometimes i think if i am الفكره to بشتغل with a فريق so , i will depend on them , and i may not work , but , لو i am going to مابشتغلش by myself , then , i will work more and faster . ..
بفضل usually encourage and motivate .
i am from the persons who usually gives motivation للناس people .
أقول have to encourage and وأدى motivation and start by saying that if we are not going to do x , then كذا، كذا can we do , trying نرجعه save ماتقعش تانى remained خالص
of course بصى manager , and لو we are talking about بقى outside the الجامعة , then , it will be of course my بابايا and مامتى طبعا .
of طبعا because they are the ones who are usually motivate and encourage بيشجعونى on كل حاجه my life whether a job , علاقة سواء anything حاجه my life .
they are the most واقفين who can support me , حتى in the worst situations . .
respected , because if people .. لو they respect you , they will be لو .. already liked من .. from all the people , but , if you are liked , then , it is not a condition to be respected .
you can be liked because of .. لشكلك، look , لحاجة good عملتيها did , لكن , not for your personality .
no , it is a little bit easy , because i always like to spend time at home , يعني انا am not very sociable with الناس .
if it is less , no .
if it is too much و so , i .. i find myself ca n't deal شويه much .
i feel they هم different .
i feel ان هم in attitude where i ca n't be fake لإن there is too much fakeness كثير
look , it هى something i بحبها and do n't like at فى نفس time in my personality , that انا am very kind with الناس people , و that is something .. good and bad at the same time .
why حلوة؟ it good حلوة؟
ليه is it حلوة؟ ? because i ca n't leave a حد who needs a حاجه from me without اعملها him/her مابعرفش
i , it is must be me .. it is not .. اجبار انا not something mandatory , but , i like to help , i حابة to work اعمل، i like اتكلم، talk , i like to stand , i like حابة، like , but , at the same time , there is a point i reach where i feel that i stressed on myself .
you are kind , so , there is no problem if we يعنى مشكله on عليها .
lying .
sometimes i ساعات i am باردة باردة .
something weird ?
look , there is something i usually do , but it is slightly weird , for example : if i bought any earring , whatever it is , there is right side and left حلق، , so , i have to wear the right piece in اليمين right side , و ناحية left piece فى اليمين right side , and it must be returned , and if this not happened , then , it will be one من الزمن big problems .
لو i knew that اللي person who is talking in front of عليا هو lying , so , this .. this stressed me and i feel that i ca n't اثبت the العكس .
بمثل .
yes ده i usually do بعمل .
i usually بدخل different topics together to show my qualifications , that i have x , y و ده .
look , if i am talking with قريب close person , then , she will عارف that i am telling her fake things , but , if i talked with someone not close to me , she would get impressed with my way in حاسس , and that is not طبعا . .
no , impossible .
all my life depends on it .
i have whatsapp و انستجرام , اصلا all my work is on عليه
i use الانستجرام and التواصل media in general for my work , so فانا mobile phone is كل my life .
okay . i can convince you تبقوا do career shift and become presenters .
why to تبقى presenters ? because now you if i am going to عملت an interview you did n't think for مثلا i while doing this مقابلة with عملت , is she a مذيعة، or not مذيعة، and then what ?
no .
فانا , i see that while doing an interview with me , you عملت a شايفة confidence in yourself .
رتبت your questions اسئلتك
عملت did a script or both of you did a very good script .
اتكلمتوا talked with a very organized way to prove yourselves مذيعين مذيعين .
therefore , this makes يخليني see that the question was arranged , everything was going organized , and the النص itself was prepared , actually all the ideas are ready .
فده , this makes me feel convinced that you can be presenters .
so , this can ممكن تلاقوا تفكروا yourselves , why am أنا not be a presenter مذيع؟
انا نجحت in .. in ال .. in the thing i am doing , and in asking her the questions and she answered all the questions , and we did n't feel that she lost , but on the other hand ازاي found that everything was going smoothly and مرتبين , and that of course تبقوا يديكوا you feel مذيعين confidence to become presenters .
it is not مش to بالشهادة certificate at all .
yes اه i am متخرجة متخرجة إعلام إعلام , but all .. half نص number of the الناس .. half the number of people who work in this field
the talent و ثقة ثقة .
if you felt with a high self confidence , then , this will help to let you become a presenter . .
أنا أنا from alexandria .
my background is بتاعتي أنا at national school , english only .
i دخلت دخلت the university .. faculty of هندسة , i already took the decision to go to the faculty of engineering .
in the beginning , i بفكر the decision to اخش to mechatronics وبعدين then i قررت the decision to switch to another department .
مع studying , i liked computer engineering in general , computer science as programming in specific .
فغيرت , i shifted .. i shifted the التخصص , and i decided to أروح computer science . later بعدين , أنا decided to shift the major once again أن i decided to change and حبيت another subjects in حاسبات science , because i liked to study الحاجات subjects .
that 's it .. ده كان at في 2nd year .. the القرار .. i took the القرار from the 2nd year في university , but actually after the first term i felt i need to change and shift to another section ان
أيه are we studying in حاسبات science ?
okay . it is mainly برمجة and then we ليها خدنا theoretical subjects related بالكمبيوتر computer and computer programming . and وبعدين , حاجات studied things related to signals audio video processing and الصور processing .
and غالبا this is what كنا have taken and studied or we can say this is what at least i enjoyed or مهتم to مهتم .
moreover , there were courses about course hardware , but , i did n't enjoy or care studying it .
my bachelor project was التفاعل about hci and machine التعلم and image processing all بين . it was a facial emotion recognition , and it was n't here in مصر , it was at a university in germany in شتوتغارت .
i have worked on this المشروع , doing research for 3 شهور and تنفيذ for another شهور months and that 's it بس
that .. ده 's what i يعني about my project .
and by the end of this project , طلعنا got output only .
أه بعد on قررت i decided أن continue my ماجستير and do masters as long أني i liked الأبحاث academic field because i liked doing research and reading الأبحاث . in general , research is حتى more important than من idea التدريس التدريس itself .
i liked the academic field very much because i felt with the creativity , و everyday i read and learn جديدة جديدة حاجات and i can shift the field easily , without بعمل any modularity حاجة .
my أول routine , when i wake up in the morning , i take a دش and go باخد the work عادي except في الأجازات weekends طبعا يعني , i .. باروح to my work .
if i عندي time , i would drink coffee , and then start الشغل work , if not , وقت , i start الشغل work and during a free time i bring a القهوة .
but , it is a must to have a coffee in the first 2 hours of my life وبعدين then continue my شغل , and later on after 4 or خمس hours i have القهوة as well .
يعني .. we can say that coffee is from اللي main things at my work , because it فيه me يعنى أواصل working .
بس , sometimes i do n't take my ساعات و ساعات شغال is not a part from my daily الروتين . from الروتين routine , once i woke up , it is حاجة must to listen to songs , and الأغاني songs affect me positively while working or not .
بتساعدني always listen to الأغاني , .. songs help me في صاحى . listening to songs help me to بركز احسن احسن and help me to feel relax .
that 's my daily ال .. my routine depends mainly on coffee و الموسيقى .
i listen more بسمع arabic الأغاني because i بحب old arabic songs .. i listen to any singer , so , i ca n't أقولك أقولك a specific one whom i listen to .
i can اقول you a name , but , هو ca n't say that this is the only singer whom i listen to his songs only and all the time , i like to hear كتيرة singers .. but mostly , i listen to عربي songs و oriental music .. if i got a chance to attend an oriental musical concert , i would n't miss this يعنى and go immediately .
in the الأسبوع , i return back to my family in alexandria , as i am .. مش مش not من القاهرة، لأهلي .
a whole day i ببقى مع my friends , عند one of our friend 's home صاحبي
i spend all the day and return back home late at night .
i spend كله the بقعد مع my family and mainly on كل saturday there are football ماتشات , so on ماتشات i watch أهلي games and spend the day مع my family .
أه , it is included in my day , but , it is not everyday , at least i لازم a كتاب في a month , and أغلب of the books i read are روايات whether arabic أو english , there is nothing specific . also , بما i like writing , so , reading is very important for me .
لأ , i do n't read books to .. i mean , for me books help me بتبقى أخد experiences more than taking a specific مقولة . what attracts me is القصة القصة itself , not a certain مقولة , actually i do n't قصص on quotes while reading a الكتب .
we can say that writing may يكون me to بتحسن my way in writing أسلوبي لكن , this does n't mean أخد ( الكتابة ) حاجة محددة part from a قرتها i read before .
okay . there is a كتاب i قريه read from few months قريب , مش is not the last book i read , but it is .. it is from the books that influenced me , it is في كتاب for tawfik الحكيم hakem أسمه `` people of the cave '' .
هو is talking about بيحكي story of the الكهف اللي people of the cave '' which is almost mentioned in all religions , but , الفكرة idea that بيحكيها wrote بيحكيها by a different way .
هو imagined the characters الموجودة the story as if they كشخصيات real حقيقية we know أو they موجودة موجودة في this era و he started to يتصور لو those persons woke up and started to see things علاقة بالواقع بالواقع real world هما كانوا already exist in from hundreds or مئات years ago .. i ca n't remember the number السنين years .. و the idea is how those persons are going to interact in the 2 eras .
because those persons are going to يتفاعلوا and according to the values they knew , they found everything changed و the society itself changed .. although this new society is the one they hoped to live in , but they found themselves ca n't adapt and there is a struggle inside them between this is the المجتمع they wished to live in before and their disability يتأقلموا adapt this new situation , مع هم woke up young ش .. without any change .
there is a movie called the perks of تكون a أسمه خجولا خجولا
the movie is good , because it is talking قصة unsocial ( introvert ) شخص who is المشاكل from بعض psychological problems النفسية
but , the main idea , i do n't care to watch movies talking about بشوف persons .
غالبا because .. they mainly focus on stories talking about الناس problems more than قصص talking about introvert ( اللزوم ) persons .
the character in the movie was عنده from a big problem during his الثانوية school و و the أزاي بقى us how this person started to deal with the situation .. the القصة itself contains many details .
but , it was a good movie , and its story هو written in a book , and i كان this book after watched شوفت الفيلم .
موسيقار .
i like music في
بعزف play music a little , but the idea أن i like composing و .. و singing as well , but i am لا sure if singing likes me as well or not , but at least .. the other things , yes .
so , .. yes , but the المشكلة is , ده needs effort and a very long time أوي and unfortunately we ca n't take بعضيها the things together .
okay . once before i did internship في .. at petroleum company in a desert في hurghada at the mountains and it was شىء a little bit weird because it was something like a معسكر .
people هناك live like that , they live for 2 to 3 weeks and then , 2 to 3 weeks at their place كأجازة a vacation .
it was عبارة experience , it was .. i was عايش alone by myself , and actually that does n't matter with me , to فكرة the idea أن i am living alone in a place away عن any other العالم . you are عايشة in a very little العالم , and that 's .. that 's all you know عن المكان place you are working فيه , and it كان a little bit weird .
it شرط not a must to أتعلمت أتعلمت حاجة , i might learn skills like technical work , i do n't know how to rate my experience , but all i am sure about is عمري هابقى not going to live this life , so , i فقررت the عمري to not work by this .. by this way or routine , i.e . a place of work و at the same time the place to take a vacation .
maybe it is my life when أنا was a student , because أنا ماكنتش n't feel with the pressure of studying and projects .
pressure is not affecting me a lot .
so .. before , i did n't have responsibilities مسئوليات nowadays , اوي am responsible on نفسي , although i am living alone by myself , but , before , the responsibilities بس not too much like today .
before , i was having the فكرة أن for example : أعمل am not able to do x now , i can do it later , but , now the situation is different , انا ca n't do this and delay doing something , because actually i have many things must be done .
i mean أنا have to prepare the tutorial .. before , if أنا did n't بذاكر , then , it would affect بمزاجي by not هجيب high درجات , لكن nowadays , أنا مضطر to اخش it أن my conscience will not allow me to teach a tutorial without being محضر prepared , or to wake up or أياً .
so , anyway , there is a pressure on me regarding things أنا have to do and القواعد لازم have to انفذ , أن while i was a student , there were rules , but , it was not a must .
so , أعتقد أعتقد the .. الطلبة student life was less pressure لكن انا ca n't هقول that i am feeling upset now .
i am not feeling upset , and at the same time the point of بيفرق الضغط does n't make a difference with me .. but i think it was more comfortable for me .
yes , i سافرت سافرت 6 months أعمل do my master project .
no , قول me the ثاني question .
okay . the الفرق is in the experience of traveling , the point that i am living هناك by myself does n't matter for me ان but at least i أتعلمت how أتعلمت cook by انا أطبخ
i was n't cooking here .
although أني am عايش alone by myself , but , i .. making بطلب for any أكل عادى
there , أتعلمت learned how to cook just أن there was أزيد little free time than هنا .
so , .. this was one من التجارب experiences .
there أتعلمت something else , but it is something شخصية , the point is how to adapt myself alone in a place without knowing many فيه .
how , for مثلا .. the point you know people who تكون close to you plus while traveling the situation differs , الناس differ when they traveled and go anywhere else .
and this experience is not only في الماجستير , but also في bachelor او الماجستير master .
أعتقد أعتقد it is the same idea , we are not very far .
the الناس متغيرة جدا different , i mean you may find someone does something different than what he is doing here , and the العكس , so , i have seen all العكس types of people .
ف .. that was my personal experience , i يعني many things in my life , for example not to expect a lot of expectation , because i found people may تبقى after أن far away and traveled . i understood أن .. whatever happens is حسب to the circumstances .
actually there are many places i liked there . there is a مكان في سويسرا called rhine falls , it is بتاعة water falls of a نهر called rhine , and for me it is a very good place .
i كنت going .. i was بروحها there a lot كتير
it مش not very قريبة to me كده، but .. .. in many times أني decided أخد take a day off just only to go there and enjoy the الطبيعية views there , to get relaxed .
اه , if i got the chance .
i عندي عروض offers .
او think , i will travel برة i .. am convinced with the experience found there , it is أحسن يعنى
it is not the idea of just السفر , but it is the point أن anything أحسن need is better there .
so , it will be faster أسرع the idea is .. not اسرع كفاءة faster and more كفاءة .
the أكبر تحول point in أني life is أن انا took the decision to leave عمري family في الاسكندرية , and came here to cairo and live by myself to أدرس in the university , so , i think this is a كبير قرار i took , and all my life changed بعد this decision and even all my relations with all my friends changed , i.e . all my life أتغير .
it made me independent تماما , until i reached a point أني i ca n't بعرف dependent anymore .
و i ca n't اعيش with people , مش متعود متعود to live alone by myself , so , it is not the easiest thing for me .
i think there are other things i liked as well , and i did n't know before that أنا like بحبها i had فاضي time so فجربتها i decided to فجربتها these new فجربتها فأقتنعت finally i discovered أني أني liked them .
all my life time كنت with my family , so , التجربة point to try something new was أقل to be done , but , now i am في free , i can go anywhere and return at أي مكان , أن i do n't have to do something on معين time .
i liked to اشتغل في teams حتى even if the الفرق are not going to work or do anything . for me it is مهم to work in group because get bored if i worked alone .
بس , ببقى دايما usually keen to know everything , and the role بفكرة everyone .. because of the details .. يعني the point is , as أحنا أحنا working in a group , so we have to يبقى all the الشغل together , so , everyone must be updated .. updated to be able to complete the work ندمج merge الحاجة things together with each other .
so , i like to work in teams however .. however بس do n't get upset if i am going to work alone , but i prefer to work in teams .
unfortunately , لأ .
i feel that everyone of us has good things and bad حاجات , so , فلما i found someone does something حلوة , so , انا would بحاول to do like this person , and if he did something wrong , so , i أحاول not neglect it and not اعملها him doing this .
but .. .. overall i ca n't choose someone to be my role model , because الحد course this الحد is not an المجمل أعلى and not doing any mistakes or wrong things , كلنا are humans by the end .
i will هجاوب i 'd rather be respected from all الناس بيها أن i feel convinced by الناس .
محبوب .. i prefer to be liked من the people around مني because in عموما , i try to let الناس respect me , i do n't make a fool of myself , i always try to keep my dignity .
but , for the people who are close to me , i do n't want عايزهم يبقوا feel with my dignity or whatever , they are dealing with me already على a الشخصي المستوى الشخصي
we are dealing like anyone , like .. with my مثلا .
with my family , i do n't care with the point of dealing على me in علاقة , but , the most مهم is love , i مش n't mean قصدي حب , but , the point of مهم itself ..
no , i will need time , because أنا am not a sociable شخص with the persons whom i do n't know before .
so , i .. i am the type of persons who sit في a الزاوية by myself without يتكلم with persons i met for the 1st مرة , although if there are many people , then i can start to talk and share with them .
but , it is not easy for me to أبدأ talking بسهولة
the start is usually hard for me .
i do n't like to talk or share with anyone i do n't know .
as أني أتعاملت with many different people because of the تجارب أتعرضت لها .
أنا live عايش by myself and لوحدي met many people so ف .. i have seen many people from مختلفة social levels و from مختلفة cultures , so , it يعنى not الاجتماعي المستوى only .
it is not social level related و اجتماعي state , but i mean مختلفة social مستويات و different religions من
also , when i traveled بقى i met people there هما هما not of high standard level at all , and even that there كان في respect in the way of dealing and that is something good , و i already اصحاب friends from هناك .
if this person يبقى a close one , on a personal level , so , i do n't like to be مش person قريب، if هو is a حد not close to me , then , i do n't like to be stupid .
i ca n't أستحمل stupidity , if it is from a لو who is not عرفته to me , و i do n't like selfishness from the close الشخص , because في a point , this will يعنى يعنى .
مشاكل can say emotional problems سواء مع my family , god or مع مع my friends , other than that i do n't مابحسش with stress , لا work nor study can let m feel with بضغط .
maybe .
فبما it is emotional , so , we ممكن say it is loneliness as well برضه
so , it يعني this or ده .
so , it could be الوحدة point of loneliness or if عندي have emotional problem with .. with the persons who are close to منى .
بالتأكيد بالتأكيد , i am not saying any non understandable things .
i say words to the الصميم , but it is not a must that هما are the words the want to hear عايزينه
but , ممكن hum , i may أعمل this .
or عملت that كده
but , not to say non understandable words .
لإن انا عارف sure that this person sits in front me , اكيد a great experience and he is able to evaluate me منى، so , for sure he will understand anything i am going to say منى، and will catch me if i am saying any meaningless words .
فانا فبما i لسه before that it is important for me to find people respect me , فانا , i am not going to lose my dignity .
and at this point , طز will say this التقييم is not important for me to be done .
مش do n't عارف عارف
i .. i did n't use social .. social networks for a very long time before , so , it 's no عادى، , that was for months شهور
مش , i did n't get upset .
but , i think without using mobile أن there must be a different life to live .
by this way , i will not be able مثلا work as ده and the mobile مدرس is not going to be a part of my شغلي , و will not be a way مهمة to التواصل with others .
but .. is طب telephone will تليفون موجود؟ ?
i mean , i can contact other people easily , right ?
so , yes , there مشكلة no problem as long as there is another way of communication that أوصل help me to contact للناس others بأخر
it is not a لازم يعنى have a mobile يعنى .
so , the most important for me , that there is a way i can reach them .
okay . so , i will try to convince you to continue you career as an academic field , and ماتكملوش ماتكملوش in الشغل regular type of work .
why ? خاطر احنا are living in egypt , and as we 're both working in the same مجالي مجالي the .. .. the available opportunities are in jobs that are repetitive .
so , in academic field , we do n't اي opportunities in the field of industry and it is something routine , it is not repeated and there is a creativity .
the only thing that is characterized by creativity without تجديد زهق هو the research عموما عموما and the academic المجال .
لأن in الأكاديمي academic life , you are بتتعاملوا with students and doctors every day .
و when بتحضروا conferences , you should ideally attend many conferences so فتتعرفوا get to know people from different universities , different networks , different social levels with different cultures .
so , this is a good and comfortable .
plus there is n't the فكرة of deadlines بتاعة where you 're supposed to have a certain مهمة معينة should be done by a certain time because the
no , in الأكاديمية academic life , you are feeling حر نفسك
اللي is if عايز want to .. عايز ت .. you 're the doctor , so you 're in control of the course , if you want to modify it , you want to be أكثر creative , you want to do some research , and if you get tired من research , then you can take some time off research فهتاخد continue teaching and that 's it .
you أنت the one who can control and mange the time , and بعد you finished تدريس تدريس then , بتاعك can go without any control .
but , here جوا مصر الشغل على الأقل if you are having a مهمة , then , you have to do all your best until completing it .
you may need to stay at الشغل working , you هتقعدوا going to live or die , but , the most important is to finish your المهمة .
plus بيبقى you are going to have this type of clients who are going to ask you to change the things they need and you are going to تبدأوا to تعيدوا the work you did again , and this is not موجود عندنا with us .
you .. أنت are the one who did your own بحث .
you .. you are the one who thought في the idea and took the decision .
so , you are the one who implement الفكرة الفكرة idea .
you are the one who know how to do it .
you go and present your الفكرة idea .
أنت are the one who have a control on كده .
and i think و the point of مدير has no boss .
there is a مدير , اللي هو for sure higher than you in the position , but the way of dealing is not .. is not related by .. .. أنت أنت doctor like him , you have publications and he has publications as well , so , bot of you are talking on اكاديمي level , المفروض is not like an order and you have to do .
this is not موجود in the academic life at all خالص
so , أنا would recommend you to start doing masters , و you are not going to lose anything , at الأقل you are going to try جديدة fields and this will help you to know what أكتر like most , because ماظنش don ’ t think the البكالوريوس studies are enough to help you عايزين you أحنا to do at least at the place we are in .
و maybe .. at that time تقرروا .
or most of the people who do ماجستير and research بيحبوا the .. the .. like more المسار academic career .
and لو ماحبتوش did n't like , you are not going to lose anything , you have حاجة درجة , and with this degree you will be able to use it at any other place , plus you are أحسن than other الناس , أنكوا you have a degree which is something not the certificate itself , but , you learned as well و you are developed at this period دى time .
i am من nasr city .. cairo , nasr مدينة .
i was going to قومية school , and i was studying إنجليزي و french .
since i من at secondary stage , i .. i دخلت to the ثانوية of commerce , english section .. when , i was at the secondary stage , أنا was studying biology , but , i أكمل to go faculty of تجارة english section , و at the same time i want to study إنجليزي , but , i do n't want to go to the أحياء الإتنين pharmacy .
فأنا , since i was at the secondary عامة i took my decision to go هدخل the faculty of تجارة english section , حتى , if أنا got high درجة , and this is what i done , thanks god .
أنا have a baby and he is the one who عندي me up طبعا very early جدا
we wake up preparing the breakfast , then , we wear our clothes and go outside to نوديه my baby to الشغل nursery and then arrive to work .
اه , في أكيد there must be a day specific for my son , to go outside together , something suitable for his age , and another يوم for an outing مع our friends .
لأ .
no skip i مش nothing .
yes , i like listening to music .
i like listening to arabic أسمع و amr diab .
i will enroll him god 's willing in french international .
why ? أنا my جوزي was french وشفت i can وشفت that it was جدا beneficial at شغله , so to تبقى التانية .. language first and الإنجليزي to be التانية فإن would still be good at both that 's why i will enroll him بتاعه french .
well , i have always wanted اشتغل be an accountant in a company .
my father wanted me to work at بنوك but i did n't want banks system so i was determined to work في a company .
yes , for sure i did internships when أنا was في college and it was in banks after finishing college i worked at a company it was my first job and then i worked here .
لأ i prefer my life when i was a student honestly بصراحة، because the responsibility was less , at work definitely the مسؤولية is much more and then i got married and have a baby so no frankly before بصراحة كانت much better .
yes , i have traveled before .
i traveled سافرت thailand .. traveled to thailand .
and definitely i do n't want to go there once more it 's once and that 's it هي was مجرد جميلة and i would like to see another country god 's willing actually شاء would be the next step .
definitely i will do this ده i need a better future for my son .
and he will affect قراري decision whether the البلد تنفع suitable to اعيش in فيها with my husband , و جوزي ابني or not .
the country مشكلة تمام , there is no مشكلة و there would هتبقى better future for my son .
أكيد طبعا , i will go of course god 's الله .
look there is more than one place , in أسبانيا , and in france , و in italy a new بلد actually .
ليه؟ ? to ليه؟ new things . monuments there , outings there , different الحياة , it 's المختلفة، than egypt actually .
yes .
well , it 's the favorite بقى for me for me i have to travel to el الجونة once per year دلوقتي mean for أربع years we have to travel to el gouna كل year .
دي is the place we enjoy visiting the most in egypt .
لما i gave birth لما خلفت gave birth كانت it was a turning point in حياتي حياتي actually .
what changed في شخصيتي character أيه؟
i felt that أنا 'm the حياة لحد، someone else , i يعني he depends عليا عليا in everything i have no idea .. i mean i ca n't do anything without him for example مثلا، it was the turning point in حياتي life for example .
لأ at college i liked working in teams because we اشتغل up with new ideas with each لبعض، , بنساعد كل other بعض، we think in different directions which makes us see different things that i did n't see alone . so ماشوفتهاش، working in teams is of course much أفضل .
my father , my father is my role المثل بتاعي
he is the أحسن واحد i have ever seen in حياتي life مثلا
there is someone at work also reminds me of my father , as كده i have n't seen anybody like him .
he is محترمة، respected person , that help people الناس، who make no harm تأذي anybody , he is a person who do good for others حد، so actually both of them are the أحسن people i have ever seen in life .
respected .
respected is .. غصب عنه like me i mean forced % h .. he will look good to me but like كويسة is not كويسة .. , i mean i ca n't like you يعني، but respect if ماقدرش are fine that 's it i will respect .
بصي i took time هو till understanding the other person but it كويس fine % ه .. % h i mean هكمل will go on with him , if أوي do n't feet at ease there would be حدود so i take time and people get to know me say that we أفهم that we were totally different it 's only to know if اللي other person is good ولا not .
it can be if i felt ان he هو a person who does n't want good for others or who أنا gossiping about people , if i عرفت something with قولتله and i knew ان he shared it with others which actually حصلت before and is currently actually happening with someone , that 's it will be closed his file that 's مش i do n't want to know أعرفه again .
me for example like to بحب actually ... i mean keep secrets و like good for others these are the two الحاجتين that i like to find in others and بحب good for others thank god really .
no no i have no مشكلة in this issue , i can adapt with others , i mean it أنا normal .
work و ال .. home مسئولية , the baby i mean not responsibility .. the baby these are the most things .. both مع sometime i need to slightly take a الإتنين , so the issue is very hard أوي .
well , it 's of course i يعني try actually because my son does n't spend much time with كتير so i try after returning back % ب .. بخلي كله time with him as i قولت that on يوم and we go out with ليه to compensate him that we do n't spend كبير time with him during the week .
الشغل الشغل you are at work so there is no مشكلة but it 's % k .. ضغط no more .
no , i have just been في this problem recently and i said i قريب no idea that 's it actually i يعني it 's ما .. not مش will not be able to talk and it seems that i do n't know so that 's it i will not هحرج نفسي myself and i do n't عارفة، there is مشكلة problem actually .
no , no he accepted that there is no مشكلة، , he asked me another question .
no , i ca n't أعيش غير a mobile موبايل
why ليه؟ i will feel that it 's safe ع people who will be far away from عني، عني، i mean ابني، son ابني، husband and parents .
i can go to my parents و sometimes for example when i 'm tired it 's much easier للواحد، أكلمه him so the mobile هو something crucial now للواحد، no no .
you have to تسافروا abroad
لازم have to travel abroad i mean we احنا older than you and احنا are trying to take this step actually .
and the education is much أحسن
and what i أنت يستحق as well may be is not equivalent of what i انت دافعها .
so فيها، currently i focus لإبني دلوقتي لإبني this is the step in which i 'm in دي الخطوة i want him to ميت a life hundred times better than me مرة
for better المستقبل god 's willing