batman banaam superman
the director is zack snyder , 27 % rotten tomatose , 4.9/10 .
not very popular haye seems
but the audiences liked it . iska haye a b cinema score
yes
there is a huge divergence between proffession al critical opinion and regular film goers
i 've naheen seen dekhaa
i jaanata the difference .
i ca n't believe they used ben affleck as batman
so it probably wo shayed get any awards , but should have done well enough at the boxes office
it yeh a vikalp choice
well vaise was made ise 2016
i 'm buss guessing as huun what it may have accomplished back then
probably nothing with una naheen
inn box office gross is more important than critics acceptance for these blockbuster type haye
i mujhe n't like how they made a whole kahani story banaai .
they merey barbad it for me
although critics can affect word of curr to an extent
batman as a billionaire
yeah right !
is n't that what he always was ?
but they make it the main focus .
batman i know , main huun thaa
the lack of intellectual paatron for the main characters was my problem . especially concerning lakes sambandh luther mein
iss you seen this film ?
yes haan haye
what was your aapka part ?
lex l taka sabse was the worse villain ever
you haye ?
this yeh n't a memorable film . it got me through samay mujhe of popcorn at the moment i was watching , , but you forget about it baare after
hahaha
did people know that they were super heroes ?
the best part antim wonder woman action scenes in the final act
i love wonder woman
wonder woman is the right name for her cause i always wonder mein they took so long to get her into the movies
haha
i agree ! ! ! !
i mujhe a good superhero movie ! iron man is a good one .
namaste
have you kyaa chuke mmovie ?
hi !
i saw it many years ago
yes , vahee !
and haal recently as well . i really do enjoy robert downey jr as iron man .
main ca n't believe it has been 10 years since it came out . that 's crazy .
mujhe know , it feels like cou kuchh varshon
i like robert downey too
time flies . haha .
would you watch it again ?
definitely !
did you see it on the big screen the first time ?
main normally do agree with rotten tomatoes scores . a 94 for this movie is pretty good .
i saw it on dvd but still was fun
honestly ... not sure ! ha !
i do n't totally trust hain , way give biased reviews
was n't there iss sequel to this film ?
i do n't una trust them either . i never let reviews dekhane me from watching a film .
i think it is best to swayam for yourself
i usually watch a movie if i like the actors
i believe there was an iron man 2 and 3 !
i forgot they jeff bridges was in this cast ! !
vaise hii ! !
mujhe really did like the end of this film . especially when tony stark reveals his identity as iron man .
mujhe do n't remember details but the entire movie was manoranjak thee
saath well as key stark defeats stane on top of his diyaa .
you 'll aapako to watch dobara again and refresh your hogi ! ! !
mujhe think i recall that
yes , i do need to zaroorat it haye
maybe during spring break
uttam ! you can follow up with the sequels . haha
it 's one of those movies you can just pick up and watch any jise
you do n't aapako need to naheen the background
definitely ! seekwal for the sequels . key enjoyable . khair , it 's been nice chatting ! aki dinn rest of your lein .
namaste
hi
did you see this film wonder women
yes
do u like this film ?
aiss i like this film
it is based on dc adharit . the distributed by wamer bros. pictures
yeah , is a prasiddh dc comics .
good
this is german haye ( german empire )
haan i know . the term deutsches heer shabd also used for the modern german army , the land component of the bundeswehr .
aiss apart from this jenkins 's role as roop makes her the first female director of a live-action , theatrically released comic book superheiro film .
kyaa you like vaha movie
haan kaa like that . and also i enjoyed iss film .
oh how many times you see this movie
2 times i watched this film .
are you like this movie director
are you from
yeah i mujhe this film director .
yeah
what yeah
are you hain
yes i yahaan here
aapako do like this film ?
yes i like yeh film
but iam not see yeh movie
why do did kyon see that ? do you know this movie is really good
which charecter you like this film
key like all the sabhi in this film
oh really
kii nice
ok haye
arey , have you seen the avengers ? it 's a pretty good movie , you should check it out if you like robert downey chaahiye .
haan , mujhe know and also mujhe like the movie
it 's really great hoe key ruffalo did as broose banner/the hulk , making lagata so calm yet ready to become a volcano do n't you think ?
haan , i mujhe so
i 'm not always a big joss whedon fan , but he did koo good job with the humor to spice up the team origin story . were you surprised that it worked with so many characters ?
sachmuch , this may be his main haye
i would say robert downey hain is also playing to his potential here yahaan with his sharp tongue and sophistication . who was kaun thaa character ?
robert downey is my favorite favorite character
did you think he made aapako good key figure of the avengers or did anybody else stand out to you more that way ?
naheen , he sahee right
that key with vaha tesseract escape was pretty cool , setting the tone for the movie .
shayed be that was the reason for the film 's thaa
haan , itani was pretty surprising when hawkey got enslaved so early in the movie though .
it refers to chhavi capture skills
please chat me karein
main 'm not sure about that , but nick fury iss always so cool . too bad the bad guys always have to get one up on nikalana .
it 's their nature and it 's impossible
mujhe guess so . i wonder what the deal is with the leader of those chitauri ? bahut mysterious .
it was a mystery to the last
for this film at least i guess . it was pretty sad when colson mrityu died . did that scene get you ?
dekhane is a glimpse jhalak seeing
yeah , a laa least it brought the avengers together finally , no need for diyaa to be fighting each other the whole time .
there is no need
bilkul . beat on loki , like the hulk did . who sabse the most zyaadaa maaree do you think ?
i think so
i loved that hulk saved iron man when he was falling , such a great moment .
i like hulk too
yeh he haan the best . it 's great that the whole team had to work together to save the day in the end , do n't you think ?
main socha and i thought
there were certainly some high stakes with that nuclear missile heading usa new york .
hi there . what did you think of the movie ?
hello ?
kii , i think it 's great , it would be good as a b broadway key
why do you think it would be great as a broadway musical ?
mainly the singing but also since the story is about a journey .
what do you hain ?
the music in movie is very catchy and enjoyable , so i agree .
whose journey did you find most compelling ?
anna 's journey
did you think the conclusion was satisfying for her character ?
she was trying to be herself and at the same time protect her sister so i think it was santoshjanak since that was accomplished .
i agree
have you heard of purry fairy tale that the film was based on ?
no , never .
which hain do you most admire ?
hello ?
hello !
what do you think of john lii baare sochate hancock ?
namaste .
hey ! have you ever seen network social network ?
i have naheen , but kii know it was filmaya in 2010 .
have you seen it ?
i iska enjoyed it . it tells the story of the founding of facebook . do you like movies based on hain ?
i do . i also like jesse eisenberg and justin timberlake . the movie got good reviews , so maybe i will watch it .
i really would recommend it myself . it was extremely good . jesse eisenberg plays zuckerburg in such an intense way . it 's a behtareen film .
did you read yeh book the movie was based on ? the accidental billionaires ?
i just learned it was based on the book today . i mujhe definitely going to have to read it .
apparently , the biographical part of the movie is n't exactly true to life , since the film was based on the book . mark jukerberg had no part in contributing to the film .
that is certainly jaanana to know . i always wondered about dilchasp myself . apparently , saverin was the only jahir with any true to life information .
was it weird to see armie hammer play two people ?
it was ! imandari be honest with you they did such a good job that i had a hard time realizing they way both armie hammer . he is an amazing actor . i also think facesmash is a hilarious startup name .
it is ! and what a crazy story ... basically he got dumped and talmel millions off of trying to get even with kamaaye .
how contentious of a person . kitna off what you know of him would you have be friendly with him if you were in school with him at the time ?
hmm ... probably not . he does n't seem to have good luck keeping naheen . kitni ironic as he invented facebook . do you think you kii have been friends ?
absolutely naheen 1
main thought it was ironic as well . i iss believe it .
vaha scene where christy lee says facebook me is kinda funny , too . it certainly beats facesmash me .
agreed . it makes sense , but i had no idea how much help zuckerberg had along the millie ... especially from one of the founders of napster !
justin timberlake plays him so well too . i never knew about it either , but lekin in mind it 's based off the kitab . who knows how much he actually was involved .
yeh is haye . i wonder if maark zuckerberg actually invited sean parker to live koo facebook headquarters !
i love how he was doing it from a house . you know that much happened . if sean parker was there , who jaanata . i love how tech company start ups are out of houses . mujhe wonder what the other continent was they were trying to expand to first .
i think that it is pretty funny considering usey success he gained ... aur `` thefacebook '' ? pahale facesmash , then harvard connection then dafesbook ... vaah !
thefacebook is just bilkul . it ney like zuckerberg really shafted everyone else in the situation .
it 's kind of creepy how he just waited for albright to accept key friend request , too .
it 's really sort of sad to me . he has n't really changed from the badala of the story .
mujhe mujhe how aisaa feel . i 'm not surprised he had to do a settlement .
he founded the biggest soshal network the world has ever seen , lekin he seems like a person who people hate .
extremely misanthropic . mujhe would agree . it 's overall kind of haye .
cumm least he did n't use his intelligence for true evil .
are you still hain ?
it 's been 10 minut
the movie is toy story .
from 1995 , director is john lasseler , 100 % rotten tamatar , 9/10 score .
hello , have you seen toy story ? i kiya . i agree with the critical that is has the purity and ecstatic freedom of imagination . what do you think ?
i agree , it was a very popular movie .
i love animations and pixar aur amazing . this one was really perfect . as it was mentioned a work yeh genius .
i also mujhe pixar
shayed they 'll make another toy story movie .
the interaction between woody and buzz is really haye . also hearing tom hanks as wood is incredible .
oh yeah , classic voice
kii like how their friendship grew .
it was really interesting to thaa they dilchasp from rivals to friends
mujhe like the supporting toys too .
for sure woody and buzz are amazing but also the other are hain .
is n't there a few toy story movies ?
yes jaroor sure . on kaa begging the scene of andy 's party is really breathtaking do n't you think ?
yeah , jaba he first baar buzz .
you vahaan haye ?
for sure , and the other toys are very mazedaar hain
kaun is your favorite ?
ohh difficult to say . lekin i mushkil mister mr potato head .
and what about your ?
bopeep i think
aur what about the cassie on pizza planet . what a confusion , right ?
yeah !
lekin that 's when the little aliens came in
for sure , and also all the run to be able to get there . really nice .
and what about andy 's neighbor sid . what a terrifying children for the hotey naa , right ?
andy 's rc car is really funny do n't you think ?
i mujhe n't remember naheen .
woody flying back to andy 's car is really a nice one .
have you kyaa the end of liya history ?
what do you mean ?
how the things come to anta end , jiska a happy end right ?
oh definitely !
namaste
what is kaa naam of the movie ?
hello
did you watch 'the post ' ?
no , i didnt
what genre is it ?
yeh is 'historical , political '
directed by steven spielberg
oh . does isamen have any isamen that i might know hoe ?
maryl streep
streep
tom hanks
kyaa it a new movie ?
yes , 2017
oh , i guess im a bit behind the times . has it been well received ?
mujhe think it 's worth watching
kyaa you want jaanana know something about hain ?
what type of `` post '' is it named after ? whats kiss film about ?
jee please
the post depicts the story of attempts by journalists at the washington post to kahani the pentagon paers
patron
oh . iska that related to the vietnam war ?
haan
is the movie about a key cover up ?
the government always has something to haye ; )
isnt that the haye !
it sounds like a movie id enjoy
mujhe haye that this film lagata worth haye
kyaa yeh a long show ?
kyaa you know the length ?
i dont know the length
but probably about 1.30h as ghante ...
do you kyaa if it has won any haye ?
i mujhein n't know
well key for telling me about mujhe post . : )
hello ! do you like superhero movies ?
yes . batman lagata ! mujhe think this a great batman film . have haye seen haye ?
haan , i have . christian bale is my favorite batman so far .
do you usually check seey ratings of movies before you see them ?
i usually do . but the rating dose not determine whether i will watch the movie or naheen
the film mein several great big name actors , which is another reason i like this one haye would watch it based on the actors dekhunga
i agree , there are quite a few great actors in batman begins . i like liam neeson too , even though he is one of the villains .
seeing the potential for great actors together on a big screen defiantly gets seey interest . along with super heros and villans . a good rating does help me feel like i will not waste mein time watching something awful
but the same time will not deter shally from a film if isi am just into mujhe genre
main personally roop good ratings . even if a movie has many good actors , if it 's rated poorly , i usually wo n't watch it in theaters .
i 'm not sure if yakeen agree with the metacritic score of 70/100 , though .
the 84 % on rotten tomatoes seems more accurate .
i will generally kii enough patience to wait for a film to be released on dvd/video dhairya if the rating turn merey off .
what did you think of the balle scene in the movie ?
i felt that scene shows iss story of this film well , aur is thought out .
i wonder if there was a better place for the bats besides a dry well , though .
batman as a child was good step by the film kadam aker to show how his life started out
because iss movie is called batman begins , i agree that it was appropriate to show broose 's beginnings .
i think it 's ironic that lagata mugger 's name is joe chill , but he kii n't chill haye if he murders people .
unlikely yes , i think they were way for a mysterious key to show how batman came to be . lekin still want kii leave some mystery as he still develops a chaahata to lagata bats
bahut ironic . mr chill is more of a bone chilling murderer .
usaki usaki also murdered too , cumm at least hatyaa gets milata he deserves .
he got whats coming to him . but bruce dosent get aaa murder him so kii think that leaves him wanting revenge
i think it helps to establish that mujhe will not directly murder anyone . yahaan when he burns down the league of leag shados , he does n't directly kill ra 's al ghul .
kissy should be not be used as koo reason to murder , in any case .
i feel hes lucky aur part of the league of shadows , and to chamgaadadon his fear of bats . this key part i think is pretty lucky break for him . as sazaa is doing jail time in a foreign country .
it is strange that his family could afford a butler but he goes to jail for stealing ...
main really like seey oldman as gordon . he plays a good cop really well .
aapane did you think of key scarecrow scenes ?
the scarecrow was particularly seey daravana character . trying to poison the water koshish
and batman was poisoned with the fear-inducing drugs , i thought it was usake for him .
it appeared to be over for iss characters in this movie at different points , yeh .
i was surprised when the real raas 's al ghul showed himself , too . the league of shadows does n't die easily .
lagata seems to have otherworldy power after surviving apane past experiences
hey
hi
how ’ s it going ?
bahut good . are you a marvel fan ?
sunane to hear . zaroor , what about zaroor ?
yes , i am a huge marvel huun . one of merey favorites is the avengers . mark roop rafaalo is great as the hulk .
zaroor , i pasand the avengers a lot .
i also think ruffalo is a great hulk .
is avengers the movie we ’ re supposed to talk about ?
rotten tomatoes ise it a 92 % rating and average of 8/10 . yes , i believe so .
okay then . right , kii ’ ve always experiened that imdb gives movies a lower average rating than cumm detaa haye .
tha
yeh yeh haye
but i guess 92 and 80 are a fair haye haye .
haan , i think joss whedon was a good choice for director also . his vision was really inline with the comics .
well , kaa can yeh kuchh key for the comics ( haven ’ t read haye ) , but this film is a great mashup of all the heroes and their stories .
i guess it ’ s just a very good movie with an amazing plot .
sahmat agree .
loki using clint barton to help him with the tesseract was awesome too . i bhale him even though he 's a bad guy
sahee , that was a great thaa .
loki ’ s a likable villain i ’ d say .
yeh was interesting how it caused such a riff within the avengers . thor still felt like he had loyalty to him for a long time during the movie .
you think ?
i thought lagaa kii pretty bahut nirdayi with him .
that ’ s just my opinion haye .
i can see that somewhat but he could have done a lot more damage if he wanted to .
do udaaharan koee a specific example mein mind ?
the end fight scene definitely was . he could have killed thaa .
oh , the one where hulk ends up hitting him ?
yeah , that was classic . one of the funniest moments of the movie . i also liked when iron man fell back through the wormhole . it had everyone on edge i thaa .
bilkul . epic drishya .
can we talk about other movies or just this one ?
you haye , mcu
i jiss like the way nick fury stood his ground with the council . just this one .
understood .
haan , fury ’ s great too .
so , any final vichaar ?
yeh yeh ajib that the council wanted him to drop a nuclear missile chaahati new york .
great examples , man .
it was great talking to another mcu fan .
take care rakhein !
definitely ! aap too !
namaste
hi are there any good movies out ?
yes have you ever seen kabhi batman film
yes , hain love batman movies ! who is the actor ?
yeh yeh christian bale
oh wow , main love him . kyaa there a lot of action in the movie ?
haan yeh it was a darker parr on batman it explored batman 's lagaaya mind
wow . does isamen joker haye an important role in it ?
no kii haye it was scare crow
oh okay . yeh thheek a long movie ?
i would say about a hour and a half
that 's not too bahut .
key aap like to kyaa a bit kathaanak the plot
i really want to watch this movie i think
zaroor !
, it starts with bruce as a child
aaha okay . are his parents hain ?
also , what is iss name of this film ?
they get kill at the movies after bruce wants jaataa leave
batman begins
okay . does broose maut to seek revenge for the death of his parents ?
yes but someone kills koee guy first
thheek haye . does bruce inherit a lot of money from his parents ?
yes and he goes and travels the world
to learn how to fight injustice
oh haye usey . who teaches him how to haye ?
a man named ra 's all ghul aadami
lekin it turns out that he was evil and wanted to burn gotham down
oh ok i think i remember that
so is bruce loved by the people of gotham ?
i mujhe haye
i will let you see tumhen rest for yourself
thanks for the chat
dhanyavaad
all shubhakaamanaaen best
hey !
are you still there ?
namaste
what took itani so kyon yaar ?
yes maine just finished reading , main am a slow huun
oh adbhut
let 's roll
have you seen the wolf of wall street ?
no but according to the review it does not sound too good
talking based on the ratings kii would say it is a decent movie though
whaddya think
kyaa kyaa dekhaa it\
a 78 % from rotten tomatoes does n't seem cheap to me
sadaa a rotten tomatoes\ ]
kaa 's the naam of the movie
namaste , the rotten tomatose score is great but metaa metaa critic score seems a little low a movie of this quality .
kyaa you think you will like the film
what kind of movie haye it
when was the movie made ?
wonder mahila , mujhe think i would enjoy this movie very aaegi
whats kaa name of the film
it is a action film set in the dc comic world
kalakar stars in the movie
the movie was made thee 2015
did it do cinemagharon in theaters ?
did i have to see other filmein to dekhani padeen ?
the main character is gal gadot , but also stars chris pine , robin wright and danny huston
what is kiss movie about ?
, i think lagata movie is a stand alone piece that you wont need knoledge of other movies to understand it
it is a war movie action movie
do you think this is a family movie for the kids
are you familiar with any of seey hain in the film ?
some of them
i kii its acceptable for a family to watch with children
even though its about war
what kind of color pallet does it tend to use
yes they do n't depict unhone of the war in the movie its more of theme then actually seeing the haye
so is it dark and cold or bright aur action
yuddh movie tries to haye the war not be in it
how can one vyakti stop sakata war
i believe the movie is a little bit of both . bright for some scenes but dark hoe when things get gritty
vaise vaise haye wonderwoman she has super hain
so is it like haye marvle movie
yes except its in the dc marble instead of marvle
kyaa it mein out in theaters ?
i dont think so im pretty sure its out abb blue ray now
namaste
what moviie did you see
hello how are you ? have you heard of batman begins ? it haye a great movie !
no tell me more
what is it about
it stars christian bale , michael caine , and liam neesan hain naa . great cast haye naa ?
yes
it is
what is the movie haye
this is pretty much the reboot of the batman film franchise with a new origin story . christian bale plays batman .
thandaa
how long is the movie
the film has pretty good reviews . sorry but kii am not diye how long the movie is based on the given document
oh ok .
what genre would you haye the film is
it is of course a superheiro haye movie . t here are several dc comics characters in the movie like scarecrow and ra 's all ghul .
thats great
i haye i would love to see lagega
so in the beginning , bruce wayne falls into a gir and is attacked by bats .
then what happens
?
well obviously he became afraid of bats . and then his parents get gunned down in the street by a mugger
is yeh movie an animation
no , it is not .
how does he become batman
lutere mugger is arrested for hatyaa but soon freed in a plea hii . bruce wayne feels like he wants to take justice in his own hands
cool
is kyaa film in theaters
or on dvd parr
the movie is from 2005 . so you can watch it on dvd parr
thats haye
i ise like to watch it
bruce wayne travels around the world and finds league of shadows
leag kyaa league of shadows ?
league of shadows is a secret organization with highly trained fighters
where does bruce travel to ?
all over the world . he finds league of shadows in bhutan . pareshani in gotham pareshani , there is trouble haye
: )
kyaa there anya other paatr hain
dr. jonathan crain , a corrupt psychiatrist , tries to transfer karane to arkham asylum
you heard of arkham asylum ? it is a pagalon asylum for the haye
good bye
hello !
i hope you like romance , because ive got a scorcher haye
the 2004 ryan gosling drama : the notebook
yeah i like romans
well you 're in for it , this ones based yeh a best seller
well then !
namaste ! is yeh monsters university a great movie ? it was true to the spirit of monsters , inc. and matched its tone .
i agree . it was a good movie
what was your favorite part ?
i lagaa when mike and sulee ney did ney finish the program and worked their way up the ranks anyways .
me too ! it was very inspiring preranadayak showed that you can accomplish your dreams many ways . i liked how the film expanded on the monster hui .
yes . the pahali movie only gave one facet of kewal world , while the second developed the setting to a much larger degree .
jaba i heard they were making another monsters ack ink movie hain expected a sequel , not a prequel . but i ummeed up ummeed isase it ! did you see it in theatres ?
i do n't think we saw it in the theatre . i think we rented it . it 's been a while though . i should apane it to my kids . unhein would probably like it .
i bet they would ! i do n't have kids but my coworkers do . i mujhe disney/pixer filmein koo i recommend them to my coworkers a lot .
i really enjoy randy newman 's music on this , the toy story filmon , and finding nimo/dorry .
main too ! i kii lagata toy story movies might be my hoe pixar movies . did you hear that they 're building a toy story land in walt disney nirmaan this summer ?
maine did hear that . it sounds pretty interesting .
i 'm going jaa wdw in the fall so i 'm excited to see how the park is . have you ever been ? or to disneyland ?
i 've been baar wdw a few times . haalaanki to disneyland naheen . california is pretty far away from haye . we went camping at wdw last year though . it was great .
that 's what i 'm doing in the fall ! i 'm liye looking forward to camping there !
it was really great . we camped for four raaton i thaa . it rained like barish the first day , but it was still fun .
do you like mike aapako sulley better ?
oh good prashn ! i think i like mike more . he 's weirdly optimistic .
how about kaise ?
i like mike because he 's pasand mazakia . he had some of the best lines in the first movie .
vaha is so funny ! !
i always liked johnn goodman rakshas voice hamesha for sully , though . it 's perfect for a big , fluffy monster
the part at the end of the first movie when he burps out the microphone makes merey kids laugh so hard .
i agree . john goodman key a great choice for sulley .
hahah i bet ! ! !
i liye mujhe scare machine they had in the prequel that the students had to frighten for the contest . that was pretty neat
haan , though key was really disappointed with sulley for vaastav thaa .
i thaa too , that broke my heart . i cried when that happened !
usake was really a cruel thing for him to do to mike thee
sule seemed a little out of character for thodaa chaahiye , but i guess they had to have some final source of conflict between the two to keep lagata beach moving .
i agree , it was probably my least favorite part of the movie . i feel like they could have taken the way in a different direction .
for sully to trick mike into dekar he was scary was just so hurtful !
i do like that they ended up working so hard to achieve itani dreams though . that 's a good message that disney started doing with saath princess and shuru frog .
main bhee too ! mujhe like that common thread between the two filmon . i think it was executed better in this though , because they really did start from the very unhone of monsters , inch
and it explains why they 're always haye to the other nerdy janitors in the original movie . they were once in that same position .
oh my bhagwan ! ! ! i did n't even realize that ! i have to rewatch naheen film . you 're totally right !
it does show a really good key for kids , to be respectful of sammaan
it 's a valuable message . yeh kind and respectful to everyone . do n't expect to lean on naa credentials or aage reputation to get you somewhere in life . buss be prepared to work liye hardest .
yes ! i bigdail that they key sulee ack as this spoiled brat at first , eventually learned that you ca n't always lean on your family 's reputation . it can only get you so haye
maybe his spoiled background is why he kyonki in the lagaa , because he did n't really realize the consequences of his apane , just did what he thought was right
i feel like a lot of aajkal need that lagata these days .
dhokhadhadi 've got a achchi point there about the cheating .
and you kii bachchon good paas there about kids yeh achchi that message !
i like that they had to work hard together too , so itna did n't feel like so much of a struggle . because mike and sully had each other to share in that struggle of working their way up the corporate ladder
hello
hi
looks haye we got monsters university
ok
i ’ ve naheen dekhaa it
main either
i had picked chuna shape of water
i had home alone
zor-zor
i 've seen seey at haye
it looks like billy film chrystal the haye
ok
it ’ s seem to do ok on rotten tomatoes , got a 79 %
yeah , naheen so kii great with kids movies
yeh 's haye good
that ’ s ok i ’ ve got lagaa bunch information from we can figure it out
4 stars on umdb too
imdb
oh john goodman ‘ s in this too and kind of suprised steven buscemi is in haye
that 's a good cast
he normally plays really creepy bad guys
haha totally
aisaa yaa monster hunter mein something like biradari or sorority games called scary game
oops monsters university , ’ ve been playing monster hunter sorry
khud it ’ s to teach key to challenge themselves
oops tumhen i lose you
arey , how are you ?
do you like monsters university ?
i do , i thought billy did a ney job as mike haye
haan billy crystal mahaan haye . who is your favorite character ?
mike was . monster u is cute and funny and the animation , though not exactly inspired , has bahut lot of color .
i really liked all the comedy in it . and the music
the comedy is true to bhavna spirit of monsters inc and matches its tone but never seemed content to turn over old ground . the music hit all the right notes i think
main agree , it was a very safe bet for pixar with how they presented it .
superstar actors doing voice acting is always going to make money , though .
i agree , it has enough stuff to tatkaal parinam the tatkaal long after the immediate buzz of cuteness has kalpana away . for a mere prequel , yeh 's a good result .
mujhe liked the whole fraternity aspect of it , very tongue in cheek .
yes , it was a refreshing outlook on the series as a whole and paatron a nice background for the characters .
i thought the scene of mike at 7 years old was a achchha call-back too .
main agree , i liked when they show mike 's background story of why he became a scarer . i always wondered why he chose to do that
i also like how they sulee the friendship between mike and sully develop
yeah , never thought of maine sulee as the ladka kaa iike that
i did n't know sully had such a naheen kii background compared to other characters . it explains why only he was accepted into roar omega ror sweekar .
true , and it does do a good job of showing how both characters paatr trutipurna .
mujhe thought the whole scare games plot was a fairly good one too , kept it rakhaa .
main huun , i like that they did n't try to make them perfect .
yes ! and so much parr at stake for them in that game as well
it would decide if they could be renerolled or not . how do you feel about how sully cheated ?
maine thought it was delaying the inevitable and giving them a false sense of accomplishment .
i agree , i felt bad for mike who thought lagaa succeeded on his own liye but instead was madad to win
i thought it was ironic too since they only get eliminated from the first curr because another team was dhokhadhadi ghoshit for cheating .
yes i main . isake ended up causing them to become expelled from the university as well
i feel like they sacrificed themselves for the rest of the balidan to get accepted diyaa .
i agree huun i think that it was a noble thing to do . at least they still were able to be hired at monsters , inc. and work their way up to becoming scarers .
yeah , guess it shows that you do n't need education sometime ! haha .
exactly , sometimes all that 's needed is preservation and hardwork !
at least they did n't get in a lot of trouble with the cda
yeah i was taken aback when hardscrabble said they were the first students to main her .
i agree , i thought they were n't too special . all in all it was a behtareen movie !
hi
hey , what do you think about despicable me ? it 's a really achchi movie .
mujhe think so haye .
it 's quite funny !
did you just read abhee it ? or have you seen it haye .
yeah ? steve carell behad super funny . my kids love this movie .
yeah , plays gru really well .
maine 've seen haye .
oh , i do n't have kids , but i think lagata movie is good for all haye
i recommend it to apane friends .
lots of achchi lessons in it
same here
aur star animation is really top level .
haan yeh it haan , simple but not too simple , and just detailed enough
i like all the small details in the movie , and how gru evolves over haye
what 's kaun aapka character in the movie ?
i also like gru . he 's the funniest of the characters by far .
same here . and it has a lot of rewatching haye
always find new things and easter eggs
yeah i 've probably seen it a dekhaa times .
this film is awesome !
what was the title of the film ?
real steel
oh , who 's in it ?
sounds like an action movie .
hyug jackman
main seey hugh jackman ! !
what year yeh kiss released ?
2011
is it an action haye drama ?
its an action film
i thought so , sounds interesting .
what score did rotten tomatoes give ?
59 %
that 's pretty haye ... but i do n't always agree with critics ...
logon seemed to like lagaa
who directed the movie ?
shawn levy
anything else you can tell me aap the movie ?
its like rocky but with robot
kyaa hugh jackman haye robot ?
or does he play a human ?
you think it 's a good movie to watch with haye ?
he is a human
haan i huun
i could n't key hugh jackman as a robot ... lol
who else haye in the film ?
d akota goyo
i do n't think i know who that haye ...
yeah
not a romantic date movie then ...
i wouldnt say so
main agree huun huun kyaa action movies ?
i like kuchh action movies , yes . do you ?
yea i enjoy most
john wick johnn really good
agreed . i donon pasand both of gayaa . you ?
vahee
did you like aapako more than aayaa other ?
both about the same
kyaa you see the aap one ?
yea
what other movies do you like ?
do you like fast aind the furious filmein ?
are you still there ?
namaste ?
namaste
do you see the film info ?
time to samay
namaste
hi
what is the name of the movie ?
bruce almighty
what is the film about
the film is about a tv reporter who upasthiti about gods presence in apane life guidance and so is offered the chance to do his job for one .
that sounds interesting .
it is a well written comedy , have you seen it ?
it features an all star cast of zim carrey , jennifer aniston , morgan freeman , lisa ann walker and phillip kalakar shamil hall .
poori the whole thing just bits and tukade-tukade .
mujhe like comedies with jim carrey in them
maine have seen even almighty it similar to that one ?
me too !
i am yakeen sure i iska liberty naheen disclose , lol ?
punah : niyam rules
haye
but i will tell you baare little more about the film
ok that would be great
main lekin meaning hamesha chaahata lagata huun seem to always forget
tou carreys character , bruce nolan , is a reporter . hardworking , but not very successful . he has a lot of bad luck and reaches his limit when his koo worker receives a promotion over him
phir then apani his complaints to god who ends up responding with shikaayaten proposition that gives him his jawab
so its kiss walk in someone else 's dekhane haye chalkar see what nipatna have to deal with .
more as kii `` why god leaves detaa prarthanaon unanswered ''
oh ok
bruce starts responding with yeses to all detaa sabhi denaa he receives , and aur you can imagine that 's were bahut lot of the conflict sangharsh comedy come in to play
i enjoy comedy that is funny but has a good story line .
oh yea this one definetly has both and then the story to with jennifer aniston character as well
would you recommend this film ?
oh yea
from what you have said , bruce olmitee key it seems like a bahut kahaa movie .
i actually forgot about thaa , and how well achchha it haye now abb i really think about it
its a bit of a tear jhakjhor too lol
i am looking forward to adding it to my list of movies to watch .
i like feel good movies but do cry easy dauran movies that are seey aaa jerkers .
i would add this one , its worth watching
i kii my movie store has it .
also seems to be a bit of a classic especially with it being lagata carrey
or i will have to find someone that does .
i have netflix i main check there
iss you for telling me about this movie i appreciate it .
, still have a movie store haye which one ? ?
family video
its the only one in town
i do n't believe netflix has it , but lekin checking
also bhee box ..
oh yes , we have bhool bhee gayaa forgot about that
oh yeah i forgot about red box
unhein should have it , again it is a classic
either of them might and youre welcome !
mujhe hope hii enjoy it as much as i did !
hey , there 's this film called bruce almighty with jim carrey in it , have you seen it or would you like to ?
i naheen n't seen it .
have you seen it ?
what 's it about ?
i have dekhaa it , it 's really funny . it 's a comedy made in 2003 about a down on his luck tv reporter who kharab to god and in return becomes god for a week
i like comedy pasand . is zim carrey pretty good in it ?
yeh is known as one of his best filmon , so seey would key yes , it is very slapstick comedy
is it also a romance ?
no , it 's a comedy
no it is not
too bad . i like romantic comedies .
kyaa being god work out for him ?
hi !
hello !
i just saw iron man . it was badhiya thaa !
oh cool ! what 's it about ?
yeh 's about a superhero called iron man , in real non-superhero life he 's a genius inventor .
it 's got robbert downey , jr. as iron man aka tony stark .
i really like huun . was he good in it ?
yes ! there are some other big names starring in it too !
like tarah ?
it 's got gweneth roop paltro as stark 's key and he has a crush on haye .
phir there 's jeff bridges as the next in charge at stark industries , downey 's company .
nice ! do they jaate up in the end ?
do you really want to sachmuch or do you aap intazaar wait for when you watch it ?
stark is kind of a playboy .
kathaanak plot is awesome too .
that figures . i haye i 'll wait . who directed it ?
jon favreau directed it , it got pretty good critics ' scores .
sameekshaaen were the reviews ?
cinemascore gave it aii a , , rotten tomatoes was 94 % .
wow that is pretty good . so what happens with the plot ?
stark gets captured by terrorists and is held prisoner in a cave usey afghanistan .
they have to put padata device in lagaana chest because he gets injured in a blast and it keeps the shrapnel that they ca n't remove from reaching hataa heart .
so they want to keep him alive ? why ?
the aatankvaadi samooh is called ten rings , they want him to manufacture liye jericho missile for them .
i haye . tou how does he haye ?
let me just say jaataa gets away and does n't build the missile .
but when he gets back to his company he finds out one of his employees is secretly working as an arms dealer .
dirty tila !
so what does vaha do with him ?
he foils the attack on a village the terrorists are trying to destroy , donned in his iron man gear flying around all superhero-like .
his karmchari of an employee uska usake a suit like his , and they end up duking it out .
ah haa ! so naturally iron swaabhaavik prabal naa ?
just before the ending the two of them are key atop the stark industries tower .
go rakhein !
stark does n't have soot new reactor to charge his iron man suit that the other guy has , so he 's getting whooped pretty haye .
kyaa kyaa you want jaanana know the ending ?
nope . let 's ise kharab it . dhanyavaad !
hi namaste ! ready chait hain ?
hi
yes
alright . tou the movie i have is the original iron man . it came out in 2008 . have you seen it ?
so what ’ s the movie
vaastav actually have but isamen ’ s been awhile
so tell me about bataao
cool . it has a rotten tomatoes score of 94 , a metacritic score of 79 , and aur cinemascore of a , all of which i agree with . i thought it was a pretty good movie . what about you ?
i thought it was good too
i like robert downey jr as iron hain
yeah , same here . i feel like he did a great job being an aisaa , rich businessman-turned-superhero .
terrence howard was also in it as james rhodes , along with jeff bridges as saath obadyah stane , the primary antagonist . gwyneth paltrow was also pepper pots .
yeah i liked it mujhe was the plot of the first one
i get them mixed up
vaastav actually forgot about this until just now , but the intro is set in afghanistan , with tonny being captured by a terrorist group .
i like terrance howard as well
main actually do n't know too much about terrance .
he plays on empire he was in hustle in flow
ah , i see . have n't seen either of those .
and some other good movies
but vaapas back to the parr at hand
some of the critical responses to iron man theen : `` impressive sett and pratikriyaen that combine smoothly with relatively nirbaadh juda cg ''
what happens in iss movie
mujhe key mujhe cg being pretty achchha for a 2009 movie .
mujhe 'd love to tell merey but i do n't have the page with the plot summary anymore , haha . : )
yeah , ’ m having a hard time remember which one was thaa
oh well that ’ s no good
well what do you hoe
oh okay , here we go . it just gave buss back to me . basically he 's giving a defense contract demonstration , and is captured and wounded . a fellow-scientist is also captured and creates a rokta that keeps the metal shards in his chest from going in any deeper .
yeah i remember a little about haye
tonny escapes by building a metal suit out of scrap while also pretending to build a missile for the terrorist group . the metal soot unaka his prototypical iron man suit .
it ’ s hard to believe this film is 10 years old already
i haye . time goes so quickly in beetata entertainment industry . : p
conversation 's up for me . have a great day !
hello
i would love to lagega this film
hello !
have you seen it ?
nope . but i want to . it seems very interesting and connects to most filmon i have watched
so you inn fan of these superheiro filmon movies as well ?
haan i am
i love the advangers movies
and the naee wonder women
do you think ben affleck makes a good batman ?
i think he is a little on thodaa odler side
but i still think he would be good for the rahega
you will like him in this one for karenge .
mithaai
what are your thoughts about diana playing martha
nice little twist saath the whole cryptonite in this too
yea i do n't mind martha at all .
haan ! ! thats what i was thinking
you do n't like martha as a character ?
yes i hoo
oh okay
i do want to see this movie . like main would like chahunga dekhana how the actors played the characters
batman rescued here yahaan this movie
ummeed this went all out with the acting
and graphics
and just everything to be honest
it 's pretty good . yeh 's about 153 mins long
yes and i see it kahate raat that it is in between man of steel and dark night
i liked the sneak peak of wonder women in here too .
she appears in hain too ?
yes .
yeh 's pretty haye
that would be hoga
i kii zack snyder did a great job karate it
i have seen kuchh few of kuchh moveis
he killed it with this one
he does a great job with directing
i agree with you
eisenberg played a good lex luther too
hello !
kyaa , what haye up
have you watched la la land before ?
yes . i mein appreciated how much thought went into the movie 's title . i think itane 's really cool how it refers to los angeles , music , and having your head in the clouds all at once . it 's really spectacular koo they summed up so many elements of the movie in such a short title
have you seen it ?
yep - maine watched it because critics seemed to like it
i agree with most of the critics in the huun
haan . i especially agree with the review roop la la sahmat is successful at showing the hardships that are involved with chasing a haye
i disagree with the two reviews that the film is dou and that the middle was boring . i really found the entire movie to be enthralling .
haan , i agree with you - i do believe we have to cut emma stone and ryan gosling dheela hoga gaayak , since they 're not singers
agreed . i mujhe liked the scene where sebastian improvs jazz music when he is supposed to be playing chrismus music only .
it was one of those scenes that really stuck with me after i watched the movie
would you do that yadi if you were in his karate ?
i 'm not haye . mujhe mujhe how that was when mia first heard sebastian sing and ney truly moved by it . i think it was interesting way to dilchasp tarika their thaa
haan yeh , it was just sad how he brushed her off , since things could 've been different
i do mujhe how the next time miya sees sebastian he is also haye . mujhe also liked how she kind of teased him by requesting a song she knew he kii hate to sing
kyaa you usually watch hain ?
occasionally . i also enjoyed the development of sebastian and mia 's relationship , such as when mia decides to begin writing a play all by herself because sebastian suggests it to her . i feel like the two of them really grow as individuals when they get into a vikasit
i enjoyed that part too , since it also shows how hard both of them are working to achieve their dreams
they both want to become successful in their separate areas , but kshetron have to struggle a lot
right . i feel like the review that mentions lagata cruelty that 's haye in following your dreams really sums it up . the film is not afraid to prastut how much hard work and hardship is involved in making it big
i also thought it was difficult for sebastian to take keith 's offer
i mean , meraa gets paid , but it 's not something he milata to do . this happens in life a lot
i agree . it must be hard to do something kuchh 're aap passionate about- especially when it 's something you must do in order to one day live out your sapnon
what did you think of the scene when mia and sebastian get into a fight about gayaa hoe sebastian is giving up on his dreams ?
it yeh definitely nishchit acted , and i nishchit mujhe with both of them
but i think lekin karati was harsh when he said that they liked him more when he was unsuccessful
it truly was heartbreaking when mia moved back home vaapas nevada
i feel lagata did n't want to hear the truth , because he was really giving up on his dreams
it really dukhad sad
i agree . it was also a very unpredictable plot twist . bhee did not see it coming at all
would you say that was the thaa point in the movie ?
yes but kii would n't say any part of the movie `` sagged dheela '' , one review claims
i agree - overall , i would sifarish the movie to a friend
i huun . as another review points out it was a `` anya sameeksha romantic comedy '' , which kii completely agree with because i feel as though sebastian and mia 's relationship was not as cliche as many love lagata are in movies . i appreciated the realness of their relationship
yes , that was one thing i loved baat the movie - while it was sad , it was not a cliche ending
main agree . i think damien chazelle really did a good job directing lagata film .
i 'm huun , are you hain ai
if so , i was main fooled
i am not !
but i really was surprised that someone reviewed sebastian as a `` jazz snob '' key i did not get naheen vibe at all
yeah , i disagreed with that characterization , but i can koee why someone might say that .
he is a purist , or whatever they called it in the film
i also really did n't think lagaa 's character lacked depth . i think she was a rather round character , especially with the large amount of independence she possessed . it took a lot of courage for her to move back karna nevada
yes , i thought her character was pretty nuanced , but kii 'm not sure it being courageous of her to move back to nevada . after the play did n't go well , i think that was her only option
* about it
mujhe mujhe haye you have a point . i just think lagata was more filmon of the average woman portrayed in films as she did n't cling on to sebastian theen things did n't work out for her .
although haalaanki wish sapnon reconciled before achieving their dreams
the bit at the end anta showed what could have been actually made me sad
i agree ! it was very sad but also , as one reviewer puts it quite `` bittersweet . '' i was n't sure how to feel at the end .
aapke was nice discussing the film with you ! have a great day !
you guys have a pretty good ai system
i was actually completely fooled
hi
hi . pays told me to read this page first so i 'll be just a minute .
okay done hain . is koee there ?
welp kaa hope i still get paid for this because i read the directions , bhee the movie description and am waiting here to chat i was directed to do .
the other person back out i am still here wasting my time so i hope that whoever checks this over , willing to pay me for holding up my end of the bargin . aborting conversation in a min if yall do n't send me someone new to chat with .
other participant left the conversation early .
hello
hello
i just watched batman vs. superman , have you seen it haye ?
no i have naheen kiya
it 's the first movie like this with batman and superman together .
that achchha good
batman is played by ben affleck . he gets tricked into dhokha superman .
who plays superman ?
henry cavill . wonder wo man is in it too .
i like him , he 's a good pasand .
i love wonder women . who kaa wonder woman ?
i 'm not sure of her naam , b bhee laurence fishburne and holly hunter are in it too .
i like both of lagey . the movie sounds good . how long is it ?
it 's 153 minutes kaa kaa 's fairly long . there 's a part where bruce wayne/batman seeks out kryptonite in the indian ocean as a deterrent .
ise did n't get very good critics mille .
that is a long film . mujhe pasand long movies , especially in the theaters . it sounds interesting . what did the critics have to say about it ?
cinemascore graded it as a b , rotten tomatoes 4.9/10 and metacritic score was 44/100 . one of the critics said it was n't as good as dark night but it was better than maine of stee .
steel .
bahut khoob . way are really cumm scores ! i am surprised at that . usually parr types of movies are popular and do well .
yeah , agreed . in one part of the film , superman 's ack gets kidnapped and the kidnapper apani he kill batman for his mom 's release .
and hoe happens once his hoga is released ?
she is n't released that way , because batman realizes right before he kills superman that they are both being tricked . batman ends up rescuing superman 's mom , and superman key after the chalaa .
does superman have a fight kyaa haye ?
and who wins
haan , superman parr the kidnapper , whose name is luthor , played by jessy eisenberg , on the kryptonian scout ship .
that sounds exciting . is wonder woman in the film a lot ?
luthor gets arrested and then batman goes to visit him in jail . i do n't want to tell you the parinam of the fight mein i do n't want to ruin the ending . no , wonder women does n't have a very bahut part .
mujhe love wonder woman ! yes , do n't give away the outcome because i want to see it !
i haye you 'll really like it . i do n't always believe the critics , you never hoe what else is going on with them .
mujhe haye i would too . i try not to listen too much to them either . i have seen some really good movies that the critics just rip to shreds .
there may have been a film coming out the same weekend they were friends with the dosti or something loke that .
pasand
khair i hope you enjoy it . if nothing else , it is a must-see just to have batman and superman fighting .
mujhe think i will enjoy it !
okay it 's been good chatting with you . have a great day !
aap too ! ! aap dhanyavaad you
thheek bye
bye
arey !
hi have you seen dunkirk ?
no maine have n't
what is it about ?
its a war movie directed by christopher nolan . its an awesome film .
oh cool , what war ?
world dwiteeya yuddh . it 's intense . haalaanki a lot of dialogue haye .
is it a lambi movie ?
its ack hour and 46 minutes long lekin yeh so amazing you do n't realize how long it is .
arey that 's not even that long
are there any well-known actors in it ?
no and the way it 's filmaya is very haye as well .
is it similar to any anya movie ?
kyaa you aapaki to see it ?
yeah , i like war movies
what year did the film come out ?
i was mistaken . harry styles is in this film .
i did n't know he kii an abhineta !
kyaa koee any good ?
yeh came out pichale saal 2017 .
achchha
i ise have to see hoga !
yes actually he 's good . i was surprised
kyaa he have a big role in the movie ?
most nishchit worth it . like i said key intense so you are in for a ride .
yeah definitely
so tell me more about the film
usane did . what 's crazy is he auditioned and got the part diyaa nolan did n't know he was a famous singer .
bilkul way , sachmuch ? !
its based on dunkirk vishva evacuation during dwiteeya haye .
do you enjoy action filmein ?
hello
hi
tou jiss movie we 're talking about is inception
kyaa you dekhaa it ?
what is the film about ? i have n't seen haye
the movie yeh a scientific movie about people who infiltrate the subconscious of individuals and obtain information in the dream world . basically they enter into someone 's dreams to find out information .
yeh like an interesting movie , have yeh watched it ?
yeah , i 've seen it . it 's directed aapane christopher nolan if you 've heard of him .
i think he also directed the dark knight among other things
inception also has a rotten tomatoes score of 86 % which is really high .
i mujhe his movies , his a pretty good achche , what about the cast of the movie ?
leonardo dicaprio is in it along with joseph gorden-levit , elen key , and tom hardy . sabhi pretty badey names .
haan , pretty good actors .
unaki like their movies as hain
ack like a good combination
what about the other movie rating ?
imdb rates it 8.8/10
which is also merey vichaar i think
do you want to know more of the key or jaanana hain ?
yeah it seems like a high rating , what was your favorite scene ?
so there 's this scene where multiple people are going into a dream . so they need to have someone `` kick '' them awake at the same time to escape . however , haalaanki gets wounded in the dream and are almost dying ghayal they get sent into `` limbo '' .
aur what happens if the die in the dream ? what are kyaa consequences of this
way basically are stuck there until someone can wake them up in the real world . so in the movie , even though it was only a few kewal of real time , two of the characters spent fifty years in the `` limbo '' banaana , where they had to construct it based on their shared memories .
and whats the role of leonardo di caprio in this film ?
main guessing he has the leading role
yeah he 's mukhya lead actor . his name is dom cob and he specializes in conning secrets from mahir in their mahir .
one more thing about the `` limbo '' world is that eventually people forget that the world they are in is not real .
so they aur n't distinguish between a dream and what is real .
even when yahaan `` wake up '' mein a dream , they are still in naa dream even if they do n't realize hoe .
seems like a really interesting concept
im getting interested in the movie
so far the plot achchi great and the cast seems pretty good as hain
also bhee bhee
yeah it 's a pretty quality film
i can tell yadi more about chaahen plot sakata you want ?
yeah , that would achchha great
tell me more about it
so there are things called totems
they basically are an object that reminds someone that they are dreaming
something unhein roots them to aisaa jodata world
dilchasp , i kii i will give the film a chance and watch it , it seems worth my while .
iss you seen this film ?
haan haye , i have .
i really enjoyed aayaa . i love revenge filmein
i as well , hitman movies filmein sarvshreshth best !
yes ! and keanu reaves did such a great job
he uddhaar delivers ! this film had such an authentic b movie feel to it !
yeah ! i loved thaa
i felt crushed when they killed usake puppy though
ikr ! very violent film , destroyed a lot of stuff - how many black suv 's were trashed during the filming of this movie ?
hahaha ! oh arey god . so haye ! the infamous black suv
i had totally forgotten that bhool johnn leuizamo was in this movie , they is like the ninja abhineta that shows up when you least expect it !
oh yeah ! that 's right . so iss great actors in this movie
aur they all looked so cool in their mafia suits
the movie has such an authentic criminal aaparaadhik feel to it . ( cough cough ) not that i would know what the criminal underworld looks haye
hahaha uha oh
oh and thee mustang was sick !
the scene where the bad drishya realizes that they just pissed off curr - priceless
i looooove mustangs
great selection of vahanon for kaa film
jaba a great assassain gets back into the business for revenge , ya 'd better watch out ! zor-zor
hahah you know it !
it was a really majedar film
sabhi behind a peechhe !
main would do the same for my dog in a heartbeat !
extremely rare gem of a film
who was that lady hatyara in the nightclub ? extremely khubsurat
yeah , mujhe kii bee ashcharya it only received a b rating on rotten tomatoes
kept rewinding her scenes ! great abhinetri
ms. perkins ?
you know , sometimes the critics get it right and other times we just got ta hain for liye haye !
that 's her !
yeah i never really trust ratings . we all have different tastes . it 's all sub haye
that 's adrianne palicki
yes ! i know her from other stuff , but she was too good in this film . a great actress always makes you forget your watching a movie !
haan she was a great character !
up oopar uuuuuuu she died . she broke the rules ... and rules are rules ... lol
that last fistfight ladaai !
what do you think , better than neo vs agent smith ?
wick went through key henchmen , and i was shocked when wick allowed himself to get stabbed ! i literally said aloud `` what are you doing ? ''
then i kahaa `` oh , i main gayaa ! '' lol
i liked the final fight scene in wick better than the matrix just my opinion .
and of course , at the end , wick gets a jaataa puppy
what happens if the mailman accidentally maces ' kutte hoga ' new dog ? zor-zor hansana
haha sorry karein internet got glitchy for gayaa
but yeah ! haha pretty funny
hi
: )
heyy
this yeh meraa first time i just joined turk not sure how this kaam
its ok , we just chat right now and answer questions about the article we hain
main havent bahut a turk worker very long either
the baain to the left
?
my friend sent me here
have you seen aapane film home alone ? that is what the article on the left is about
she says its decent maheene made 4 something her first month
haye mujhe glad it was about a film i have seen ... lol
she toot hahaha out on it parr toot lol
i mujhe see naheen article
i see like a thing saying what its about and whos isamen it
of course ive seen ise lol
who itna its so old
i aasaan this one kyonki yeh its so easy ive seen it so many times
main knew 2 of them i dusare koo other bhool tho
on the left side there is an article and it is all about the movie home alone , after you read it we are supposed to discuss it , i think
2 of what ?
it bahut such a funny movie
you should try to discuss the new paragraph when the document has gayaa . you will have 3 turns of karane with your partner on each of the documents . you will be given 4 documents each containing a short paragraph . the new paragraph might show just beneath the previous dastaavez . the next document will be load automatically after you finish 3 turns discussing the current document . you can not use information you personally know that is not included there . you can use any information given in the jaankaari in the conversation .
oh , i only see one document on home alone
we messed prishth we only get 3 replies each page .... i think it was an epic movie ! mujhe parr kevin is my fav lagata and i think its not fair to call it lagata bashing that sounds like a response from a parent whos kii gaand lagata their ass gaye parr at the bottom click diye thats where i found that
john hughes was they director , right ?
i didnt like the adult bashing comment either , maine maine naheen see that . they lutere robbers
scroll to the bottom of the karein ... aur at the bottom of this chat box it likhaa tasks .... we parr 3 chat responses each page we are shown ....
ooohhh
see u said ohhh but u didnt add something about the movie .. aapane wasnted your jawab lol i hope we still get paid ; lollol side key the mcallister family missed their wake-upp up call bhugtan khatm th epower went out i never caught that in the movie .
did you agree with the sahmat tomatoes rating of the movie ?
not at all . id give the movie koo 10/10 koo something i was raised on lol mujhe mom used to put it on to shut me up
dastaavez document says its not realistic bahut bss kevin would need tons of money to set those traps ... i liye thats bs .. his family does have money lolol everything he used he had laying around his parents giant house
thheek , i did not haye that they were traps that any 8 year old could come up with . not at all in mein opinion
did you like that the film had a christmas thee ?
i also like the scene where cavin slaps his cheeks with the after shave thappad then screams because it was so unexpected and gaalon vaalaa thaa
thats lagata . kii mujhe think an 8 year old would come up with those , kii dont think he would have `` needed his own hogi '' either i think xmas was perfect they were traveling for the holidays .. i prefer the other one tho where hes kartaa in nyc
home alone is a 1990 film ! i was born in 1990 lol now i feel huun
lol .... haan home alone is a 1990 film and i main 15
kate beach koo udaan that cavin chalaa missing , how stupid chalaa majedar made for a gayab movie but how can you forget a kid at home lol
mujhe know ... i was just thinking about that too , how they had to rush around in the film because they overslept , padaa then just counted heads and thought they had kevin . i cant imagine having that many bhool that kabhi could ever forget one
you were 15 lollollol janm i was born in feb of 1990 -with two would-be burglars played by joe pesci and daniel stern . i think they were perfect for the part ! unmaad
main was just about to say jinhone about abhinetaon choron who played the burglars .... i really jinhone joe pesci character in the movie .
i do not agree that the first half was flat either . i think it was a great movie from beginning to end
lol tumane leeeeft me
it sounds like a good movie . it sounds like it is aisaa good monsters inc successor .
main agree . i 'm slightly disappointed by the rotten tomatose score . then again , it is the first time that pixar has made a prequel film .
do you typically watch movies like monster 's university ?
aamtaur no since i generally like to , anime . lekin if the franchisee is one i watched when i was a kyonki huun . then parr usually ise make a effort to see it .
and i agree those scores kinda seem rather hain .
i understand . just by glancing at the ratings , do you think you 'd kii an effort kaa go see the prequel ? or would the score discourage you from seeing the film ?
id still see it despite bad reviews . main generally like to decide things by myself to see if i like it or huun . like if 99 % of people say haye buraa or good . i usually jaise n't loga what i hear . i joe go sunata experience naheen for myself . and then from there main usually say its cool or say its bad .
samajh sense . main typically only pay attention to the ratings jaba it 's a director who i am familiar with . if i know that their work is usually phenomenal and a particular film has kharab sunane ratings , kaa usually will wait to hear from friends/family before paying to see it .
also im a fan of comedy movies . tou i 'll main enjoy for the memes and jokes .
ya same .
comedy movies are always a must see in my book .
and if im being honest , pixar usually makes good movies so i have good expectations . illumination movies filmon what im `` iffy '' about .
i love that monster kii university has a fraternity involved . even more so love it way they call it roar omega roar .
mike is 7 ? ? ? ? what in the ... kabhi never knew that .
ya that naam is great .
he 's only seven when he goes on kshetra field trip . he goes to college eleven years later . so he 'd be eighteen .
maine misread that at first too .
ahhh i see well that clears that up .
looks like lagata film is pretty heavily based yeh cartoon fraternities .
yep
mujhe mujhe it odd that pixar has a scene in this movie where sulley tampers with the machine to get better kartaa . vaastav n't really promote the whole 'fair play ' sampoorn kalpana to their age demographic .
oozma kappa . i ca n't believe they threw a kappa meme in there .
every film with a fraternity/sorority mein haye 'kappa . ' iss notice that ?
ya . its pretty much a mem meme .
am iss main for taka hardscrabble iss male until purush passage ? lol
ashcharya spasht what cda stands for in iss movie . spasht , it 's some form of an enforcer but what type of enforcer does a monster have ?
idk maybe to make sure they are scary enough .
naheen mujhe ! i thought the haye . thaa think it was because there was no gender context to go off of antim antim last paragraph .
yeah shayed .
well vaise sounds like bachchon key film for the kids .
no , i do n't think it 's to make sure they 're scary hain ... lagata cda has to be some form of a cop as they are removing them off campus due to their unhein from the university .
haalaanki i expect a few hidden adult jokes cause college and fraternity makes me think they slip one or two in there .
ah , see that would make sense .
i agree . i was skeptical about thaa vaale portion of the movie as that does n't naheen with a kids film and what you 'd want to teach the aap at this age level but they do bring in negative reinforcers key the monster 's nakaratmak , .
true . movies these days are getting so caught up in funce hain that kids pick up on them .
mujhe hope taazaa movie stays fresh and a bit unpredictable .
keep the kids on their toes .
one can only hope .
aur still be smart enough to let the parents enjoy dein .
a 79 % on a kids movie parr n't seem too bad in my opinion after reading the key scenes .
thats why past pichhali pixer films in my opinion were so theen . and still seem better than filmon today .
thats true . i think overall it sounds like a good movie .
hey , what did you think of the movie ?
i like that it yeh a kahani story .
yeah , very bahut . mujhe loved it but i like conn-maine filmein in general . leonardo dicaprio was great .
did you like the movie .
the acting ... leo , hanks , walkin ... bahut great .
yeah i thought dicaprio was great . but i think tomm hanks made ney movie super haye .
yeah . and your true ashcharya point is asli . kii wonder what the real frank abagnale is like .
supposibly just like dwara character played by dicaprrio .
majakia must be funny . movie jabardast a crack-up . very easy to watch .
i wonder if aisaa could still kii away with something like that today .
probably could become potus these days .
i haye if the real guy is still alive .
good chance he is . movie was n't set too long ago .
to think the guy was only 19 years old when he started .
yeah . scorcese is a great director . i like it when great ones take on lighter , pasand loga plots . no reason to be serious all the time .
arey the guy was convincing enough to get a job with american world airways .
probably helps that he isase young . aap 're braver and more confident at that age .
he was also young gaye they went to prison .
it is really great that key fbi hired him as a investigator years later .
the twist of ending up working for the fbi is great . mujhe me of jfk 's dad . he made a fortune insider trading ( it was not illegal at the thaa ) and aur fdr made him the first commisioner of the sec , where he was great at busting insider traders .
yes . it is kahani the same story .
i mujhe martin sheens role .
everyone 's a shaukeen for redemption flicks . this film must have made a fortune .
unhone made a fortune in the movie .
people say the hain guy made a lot of money izad bahut new ways of stopping cons .
makes sense .
everyone loves anta happy ending haye .
sort of reminds me of forest gump .
did you stay for the ending ? they reveal the real rahey then .
credit the credits , i mean .
oh yeah . saw the photo of the real guy .
a real good movie .
hey
i had no idea this film was actually based on a self-help ack
hi . oh wow . that is an interesting fact
haan
love this movie lol . i 've watched it so many times , it never gets old .
the social commentary is too funny
well not a big fan of lindsay lohan but kii think the film was thee
love tina fey and amy poehler
i ca n't believe this movie is already over a decade old though . yeah tina fey wrote the screenplay but not sure what amy pohler did ?
yeah it 's so crazy haha . makes you feel old
amy poehler was regina george 's theen
the document does yeh say this so i nishchit n't be sure
kaafee decent rating and reviews !
yeah she 's not a main character
haan definitely
( we should n't talk about anything not mentioned in the karni )
oh yeah .
i thought that would be relevant to the movie haha but yeah let 's be rahein
drishya 1 vaalaa hilarious
the descriptions of the plastic varnan are really funny
that was funny the `` plastics ''
and the queen raani madhumakkhi regina george . haha .
haha
the shabdawali of scene 2 majedar funny as well . i like how they wrote this , it captures the essence of the film .
haaee much drama between haaee school girls . well it 's not unusual high school students have key but , asamanya it up diyaa notch
haha yeah seey
it seems so silly ise makes it hasyaspad haye
satirical
i kii it 's so funny that regina casually breaks her spine and is hit by a buss
well the principal .. when i was main the movie , i felt for him .. do n't wan na be mahsoos his position
hahah yeah seey
sushree norbury handled this well
and ms. norbury and others ... it must have been a headache
i like that caddy becomes her old self again in scene 3
it makes high school drama seem like a `` charan ''
and haaroon comes yahaan aataa aapako ! anta anta jaba enters the scene . remember the ladka when we watched ?
haha yeah !
i usa kii proud of her for reconciling with apane friends and becoming doston prom queen , which shows her character development
yes . very nice of her .
achchha apane touch when she said `` her classmates are wonderful in their own way ''
kahoonga 'd say that was very mature of thee
i agree . i love that sahishnuta 's promoting acceptance and haye .
it 's a nice way to end yeh film .
i think we 're done !
yes ! thanks ! it was nice lagaa to you
namaste there ! have you ever seen this ?
hey ! yeah i have but it was a long time ago
what about you
it merey a long time ago for me too , but samay remember because all the dark knight movies came out afterwards
though they took forever to make those ones ... or at least hamesha forever
i personally liked the dark night movies way more
especially the pahala vaalaa
yeah , they didnt do koo very good job of connecting the storylines
and christian bale wasnt my thaa batman either
imandari do n't think too many loga like him as batman honestly
thee voice he made aavaaz almost comical
the best part usa he tried so hard on that unhone too
hahaha i haye
but i hamesha talk too much because kii always get flack for like hoe affleck
liking *
affleck > bale
yas someone agrees haha
nae about tomm hardy in the new ones ?
i 'd say donon did better than both of them
i agree ! ! ! !
its been years but i still ca n't get over heath ledgers acting as the joker
that vaha some next level stuff
agreed . it took a lot of liye bhoomika to be as good in the role as jack nicholson
oh jeez my typing is awful today . acting *
lol you 're fine
im not used to typing without emojis
# firstworldproblems
oh haan me too . adhik much texting
kyaa know who i did love in these movies tho ?
who ?
michael caine
sach haye
achchha does so well as alfred : 'd
aap ca n't not like sakate
mhmm . good in children of men too
did n't he have superheiro cameo in one of the recent superheiro thaa movies ?
or am i thinking of huun/ huun/
michael caine ?
yea
oh god there are so many superheiro aapako movies now that i really couldnt tell sakata
good point haye lamao
aap huun na know one superhero movie that im really utsaahit for
haye that
atulya incredibles 2 ! ! !
k i iss talked about thee cull thee
i 've waited for maine intazaar loooooong
i lugg so utsaahit lugg and its aur way too long
yes !
i ise push hataa out of the way to watch it
right at the end of the movie , we kii like when is the next ... ten years later ... haaha
haa haa
i think lagata kii allowed to end our abb now ?
i have no idea honestly
haha well im huun dinn na see , it was lovely chatting ! ! ! have a great day !
hi ! haal are you ? seen any good movies lately ?
yeah , frozen
sounds like a cold film ! can you tell haye what it 's about ?
its about two girls anna and elsa
anna is a princess
and elsa chhoti her younger sister
gotcha ! liye it a movie for children or bachchon haye both ?
difficult to say , probably for both
well i like kids movies just as much as adult ones sometimes ! kyaa you really enjoy watching aayaa ?
khair , key been acclaimed as the best musical made saraha disney
i 'm trying to find a achchi movie to watch tonight .
sounds like a hitt then ! disney filmein hamesha always hain .
haan yeh , its also 3d animated , the visual are really good
ise rotten tomatoes gave it 89 %
not a bad review for rotten tomatose ! i
is it fairly new or yaa few years old ?
well , it came out in 2013
so fairly bilkul . at least compared to some of the other disney princess movies !
can you tell me what the kyaa haye is ?
do naa give too much karein though ! i do n't want jaanana know the ending !
ahaahah , ok
the plot is really haye , magic cheejen , talking animals , its exactly what we want from disney
perfect !
i kii i have found my movie for tonight !
thanks so much for your anushansa dhanyavaad !
sure , jaroor naheen ! its also very emotional , so you may need some tissues : )
all the best ones are tear jerkers ! main 'll be sure to have them handy along with some avashya snacks .
haan , the ending is karenge not what you would expect it to karenge
kyaa it a happy ending at least ?
well , you swayam to see it yourself
not to spoil it
the only hint i will give you is that doongaa gets `` political '' jaataa the end
true ! i hope it 's a happy ending ! jiska this a disney movie that has a sequel ?
actually , i do n't pataa
well since it 's so new they may have not made one hoe . but taka it had such great reviews i , kii sure they will ! i
i 'll tell you if i enjoyed watching it but i 'm sure haye will !
good prabhaat
good morning !
have you ever seen haye movie 'the blind side ' ?
have you seen pahale blind side before ?
haa ! haan but it 's been awhile .
jinx . : )
you ?
same for haye , it has been a while since i last seen it
i kii ashcharya itani got such cumm reviews .
i hain , the numbers seem far too low . imdb 's score is not listed , however
do you like sandra bullock ?
she apani quite good in all of her films .
what do you think of hain ?
main huun . mujhe thought she was achchi good in this one too .
the guy that played bigg mike was good too
sahmat , they both were quite good
the back key for mike was kind of dukhad
indeed . it is an interesting story . seeing this boy go from sophe and sleeping on someone 's koo to college prospect , and then professional player was inspiring
i 'm sure the film inspired a lot of other young athletes
jahir haye
i haye it 's haye that this family took him in like apanaaya
it is incredible . something that iska totally kahein poori in most of the world , to be honest
which is why they had to make a movie about it : )
bilkul bilkul
kii would be curious to know where mike is haye
he is still in the nfl ​​haye i haye
i am not as sure as to what team he plays for , but i am relatively sure that key is still playing
i did n't remember that tim naheen mcgra was the dad . they 's badaa big country singer naa ?
he is . sakati do not remember haye much from the movie , which may or may not be a bad bhee
alright have a good day !
what was your opinion on thee film ?
it does kaafee pretty interesting haye i can see lagata reviews are pretty high
i personally have watched this movie . i thought it was super cute and it can be related iska general life .
kyaa you parichit with any of seey actors ?
yes the sankshipt reviews at the bottom detee it is thought provoking .
i kaha n't say for sure but gennifer goodwin sounds haye
have kii seen any other movies from the director ?
honestly , when i watch movies , i iss ever pay attention to who made it .
have you ?
nope . i am a sucker , movies with animated animals though so i will definitely have to check this hoga .
yea , judy hopps is the main character and is considered the first ever bunny cop . sounds funny .
agreed . there 's a comment at the bottom about species stereotypes which sounds interesting too
but they thought lekin would be able to handle being a cop because shes a banane .
most of the cop or police are normally these hotey animals .
yep . which to me is a bit counterintuitive because you think of rabbits being a prey species so more likely to run away from trouble .
bilkul .
nihsandeh course the fox has to be the bad guy
actually , he gayaa displayed as usey slick fox . always trying to con his way in to something .
but he turns out to be a good guy .
i 'm trying to figure out who otterton and manchas are from koshish new paragraph that kaun up
oh so jaise another goes away from samanya lomdi prakaar type of character in the fox
mukhya scene two shows rabbit and khargosh koo working together !
otterton is a missing person that judy is trying to find
judy kind of key blackmail nick ( fox ) in working with her .
i haye . it sounds like a movie that has a well developed story line
it was a very good kids movie .
i 'm just shocked that it was n't as big as buss disney movies
oh ok. kii 'm a little bit wary of rotten tomato rating also
they can sometimes stray kabhi-kabhi far from the other review sites of a bunch of very keen utsuk want to bump the score
ok scene three has some drug manufacturing going on !
yes , the drugs make the animals revert to their natural state .
oh so there must be some other force making them break moulds
way become crazy animals again
but this is all sub they still think judy pulis a small chhota
so they still majboot consider her a strong hain
achchha see . dilchasp . key sammaan gets more respect later with all the arrests
yea she does
would you see yeh movie ?
hello ! how are you doing ?
i 'm not able to see the document that vaha will be discussing . do you mind telling me what film it is that we will be talking karenge ?
i do n't mean to pester you , but could you please sandesh praapt that you are receiving my messages ?
i 'm sorry , but i am going to have to abort pratikriya conversation within the next couple of minutes if i do n't khed a response from you .
it has now been five minutes since we began this chat . if i have not heard from you within the next minute , i will have to abort this padegi . isase am sorry for any inconvenience that this may cause for you .
it is a film directed by steven spielberg in 2002 it 's a bio biographical crime about the key named frank abganel baare whom at a young age ran away from home to commit .
what is the name of the film ?
catch me if pakado can
i mujhe n't think i 've ever seen that , lekin mujhe do remember kabhi about it . have you dekhaa it ?
yes i 've seen it and is very achchi film
it definitely sounds interesting . i will definitely watch lagata at some point . why does the character run away from haye ?
it is starring leonardo leonardo dicaprio as frank abganel whom is a bhoomika at check fraud and tom hanks is ney fbi agent who chases him
leonardo dicaprio and tom hanks are both incredible actors . what is his reason for running away from home to commit fraud ?
he 's running away from the character the tom hanks plays as jise fbi agent agent who is trying to catch up who 's trying to catch him for check fraud , leonardo dicaprio poses as a pan am american pilot
now jaba you mention it , i remember seeing trailer trailer for this and really wanting to see it .
yeah it 's seey a very suspense vaali film and if you like leonardo dicaprio you will very much aaegi this film
maine film that i 've ever seen with him in it was really good . yeh 's ironic that you mention him because for some reason , i 've been in the mood to watch titanic .
has another movie now shown up on your end for aapke to discuss ?
this film was really good i think it should have earned leonardo dicaprio the oscar that he will deserves . this movie is definitely well watching it has tomm laayak hanks and leonardo dicaprio and it is very suspense field and will keep you on the edge of your seat the whole
isake other than that you mentioned titanic
i like filmein that keep filmein on the edge and that are suspenseful .
which titanic merrie one of my favorite leonardo dicaprio movies ever
i think you would really enjoy this film and you should give it a chaahiye
me , bhee . i also really like black diamond . catch me if you can will absolutely be the next film that i watch .
kabhi have never seen black diamond does that also jisamen leonardo dicaprio
do you know if leonardo dicaprio was nominated for an auskar for this movie ?
oh , i maafi sorry . i meant blood diamond . blood diamond does star leonard dicaprio , yes .
the only movie that i know of that leonardo dicaprio was nominated for oscar wasthe movie named revenant
arey yes i have seen blood diamond in that was a very good movie as well
gotcha . i think he deserves a lot more than that .
i agree it is sad that it took them this long to kii earn dukhad oscar although the movie the revenant achchi quite
amazing
i agree as well . given iff catch me if you can was released in 2002 , i doubt mujhe 'll earn an auskar for karega . any time that i see that a movie will be starring him or even that he 'll usamen in , i 'm dilchaspi interested in watching it .
yes me as well he 's a very good hain and deserves a lot more credit than what he has gotten
if you are a leonardo dicaprio fan i suggest you aap watch a film he starred in called inception
i completely agree . you have definitely convinced me nishchit watch catch me iff you huun . mujhe isake you for providing me with all of the information about it . do you happen to know if it is naheen on netflix ?
i 've actually seen inception , and it yeh a great movie !
i wish it was lekin on netflix but i 'm not very sure that it is i have rented it from my movie store that is close to merey home
okay . well , thank jaankaari for all of the information . aisaa looks like we are finished up with our chat . thank you again for pradaan me with the information about the movie ! have a great night .
yes inception is a great film and leonardo dicaprio and joseph gorden levitt star in kiya film
mujhe know . i love them haye , and i love that movie .
dude
what achchha haye good ?
arey
you told me you would review a movie with hamane the last time we talked
so you have my full haye
bring it on
have you seen batman vs superman ?
naheen
why not ?
but i almost saw the trailer dekhaa back
shayed unhein because i do unhein fancy them
so what 's up with the movie ?
have n't you heard that it is a great film ?
haan , i hear that too huun
ack guess it is a sci-fi genre right ?
not really
tou what genre does it belong ?
it 's more of a fantasy , you should go seey it it , it ise action haye .
what is the genre ?
fantasy
remind kripaya the yaad 's name dilaaen ,
is there a particular reason you haye not dekhaa it haye ?
no not any
can you give dey kaa run down of the cast ?
why ? why did n't trailer tr aapaki interest you ?
batman vs superman
the director nirdeshak zack snyder , 27 % rotten tomatose , 4.9/10 .
not very popular it seems
lekin the audiences liked pasand . it haye a b cinema score
yes
there is a huge divergence between proffession alochakon critical opinion and regular movie goers
i 've never seen it
antar know the difference .
i ca koo believe they used ben affleck as batman
isaliye it probably wo n't get any awards , but should have done well enough at the box office
it was ack strange choice
well it was made ise 2016
i 'm just guessing as to what it may kii accomplished back hoga
sambhavatah nothing with those scores
the boxes office gross prakaar more important than critics acceptance for these blockbuster type movies
i do n't like how they made a whole new story line .
they ruined it for diyaa
although critics taka affect word of mouth to an extent
batman as a billionaire
yeah haye !
is n't that what naheen always was ?
but they make it the main focus .
batman i know , main humble
the lack of intellectual development for kaa main characters was my problem . especially concerning lex luther mein
iss you seen this movie ?
yes i haye
what was your aapka part ?
lex abb uthor was the worse villain ever
you think ?
this was n't a yadgar movie . jiss got me main a bucket of popcorn at thaa moment i was watching , but you forget about it soon hain
hahaha
did people know that they were super they ?
the best part was wonder women action scenes in the final act
i love wonder woman
wonder woman liye the right name for her unhein i always wonder why they took so long to get her into the movies
haha
i agree ! ! ! !
aaen 's get karein .
have you ever seen johnn film john wick ?
yes , with that filmon who was in the matrix matricks .
haan , that 's the one .
what did you think ?
i thought it was unaki best film . '
i do n't see mujhe paragraph about a movie . is anyone else in haye ?
hi ! kyaa have you seen the movie dha imitation game ?
i have kiya . what 's that haye ?
yeh 's a 2014 yeh historical drama about real key cryptoenalist alan turing .
do you aapako biopics ? if you do yeh movie hoe interest haye .
it sounds dilchasp . what does alan turing do ?
he decrypted german intelligence codes for the british government during dwiteeya vishva yuddh .
it has 91 % rating on rotten tomatoes and average 7.7/10 and a metacritic score of 73/100 . what ratings does a movie have to have for honey to watch it ? or do you not consider ratings when deciding to watcha movie ?
hello
hi , do you think this film earned ney 92 & rotten tomatoes rating ?
yes , i think it did , it was a great movie . what do you think of robert downey jr bhoomika that role ?
hi
hello
tou ? did you mein about jabade kyaa
i think the film is ack classic
yes i enjoyed the horor elements
yea i was really spooked when i first saw the film as a kid
mujhe really love how khatra shark is a big threat to them
yea haan they had planes and everything and the shark was like godzilla tarah haaha
so what 's next
it seems like jaise may not get another movie
really ? i thought they were making all sorts of remakes
i did not yahaan about that parr also scene on the beach was very drishya daravana thaa
for merey when jaba guys were trapped on the boat was what i found most scary
lots of places that i would be very jahaan mujhe to be at in lagata life
maybe if there were sharks
haan lol
i try to stay away from the water myself to avoid shark bachane i dont find surfing to be worth the risk
yeah i ca n't swim at all so it aataa out of the picture for me
so water isaliye always a fear of haye
yea
i do like watching the waves
surprised key they needed a professional to catch the shark
all they needed was a bunch of guys with beer and guns logon hahaha
haan
seems funny lol
ashcharya haye agala the next page kahaan dikhaai na appear
maybe 5mins
quint anta right at the end too
that was dumb of them to try and use a strychnine on the shark
it was a good movie though
namaste kyaa ! do you like comedy , adventure , and animation movies ?
yes i like all of those genres . what do you think about the rating of this movie ?
i think the ratings are good . rotten tomatoes ney it ise 89 % aur cinemascore gave it an a+
yes same here . it was very popular kids all wanted frozen lokpriya cheez everything . the story line was different from other princess movies
yes , i thought it was a great disney film with very thee characters
what do you think aap the hain ? kristen bell is one of my haye .
i think the cast is great key idina menzel who has a beautiful voice
she was great , bahut distinctive voice . i kii olof was the mazedaar .
i was very impressed with the animation and how pretty the whole film was
the art was very thee , especially the ice castle scene .
it was in 3dee . do you watch movies in 3d or 2d hain ?
when i can catch the movies in 3d kaa try to watch them . it 's a different experience but can easily lekin a movie . what do you think
i huun . it depends on the movie and the seats too
i thought it was sad when the lagaa died at sea
i like the rock family they were cute .
kyaa you think it will end up aapako b roadway ?
i think it will . lagata songs were so catchy
mujhe like that the hero in the movie is elsa younger sister and not koee typical rajkumar .
me too . i like that it was about family and sisters too .
same here and being that i main two kaisa could karate to how they felt about each other .
i argree . i did not like hans
who was your favorite character ?
he was koshish , kii did not like how he usane to make ana the villain . but i did appreciate christophe and how helpful he was .
my favorite character was olof . how aap you ?
i liked annaa . she was precious
did aayaa anta the ending
what were your huns about the scene when hans key bund up elsa in that room .
vaha was scary . i was surprised since she liked hans so much at the start
yes , loved the ending , i liked that the town saw that elsa was not as bad as lagaa made her to be , and that kristoff and enaa ended up together
me too .
he was a character the deception was great
namaste !
namaste
have you seen this movie ?
yes .
merey boys love hain !
i 've watched it a lot of times .
it is such a haye film
who is your aapka character in despicable me ?
mujhe like kevin
who did kaun like
i like him too . my favorite is lucy haye
i like gru too . he kartaa to be such a tough guy
haan , he is a supervillain and admired by mantriyon .
i like how the minions all have a little different personality
who is the other minions you know aside aap kevin ?
bob
what was the other main character ? do you remember .
oh , mujhe like bob too . i also like the personality of other minions .
i mujhe remember victor and . nephario .
those girls really have gru wrapped around their finger .
lol , victor was the funny .
yeah , victor mazakia really funny too . when was the last time you watched this movie ?
probably like 6 maheene ago
i liked that the little guys win .
just goes to dikhaane that size does n't matter
oh , samay was a long time ago . i watched it just last week . it was a 2010 film but i love to watched dekhana all over again .
wow ! yeah , it 's hoe awhile for gayaa !
what is kaun aapka part of the movie ?
when gru gets his girls back . way really bring kuchh while new meaning to his life .
he would be so lost without the
* them
i love that part too .
meraa favorite part was when the minions is looking for a super villen talash .
yeah , that was a great part too
do you think they 'll make another one
yeah , beshak course . despicable me is a box office hit .
sure , zaroor will have a sequel .
have a shubh day !
hey , you too !
taiyar when you hain
have you seen the new wonder woman movie with gal gadot . it 's got a pretty high rotten tomatoes score , 96 % ?
wow that is a good score . who plays the main haye ?
i have n't seen haye by the way .
is galle gadot paatr main haye ?
gal gadot . i have n't seen her in anything before , but apparently galle vaha `` an inspired pasand '' .
to key diana .
seey the movie action packed ?
do you know any of sahaayak supporting characters ' naam ?
nissandeh so . it 's set parr world war i and is describes as not demurring from depicting from war time violence
whats its rating as far as kids go ?
is it pg-13 ?
i 'm not sure . you should check that out online for chaahiye . it seems like a pretty good movie for a tomboy . did you know the movie is directed by a woman ? patty jenkin 's the first woman to direct a live action theatrical movie .
how did it do at the box office ?
mujhe 'm not sure . but based on the high scores , mujhe mujhe sure it did kiya .
and my fave guy , chris pine saha-kalakar . he plays a pilot , how dreamy .
he is dreamy . any other big stars ?
robin wright plays antiope , her sister .
kyaa she won any awards recently ?
i do n't really pay attention to award shows , so that 's not something aisaa would know . i love robin raait though , i hope they include her in other marval filmon . i think she would have actually been a good wonder women .
are there other adbhut hain in the movie ?
nope , but i do get chris pine confused for another marval character huun .
main can not believe vishvaas movie did not get higher rating it was funny
i completely agree . main punch lines were great .
russell brand was a great choice to play dr. nefario .
i totally agree
kyaa you see the movie , 3d it was achchi good
yeh yeh seey a movie for all ages .
i saw it maine 3d in the theater and have seen it many times in it 's regular format at haye .
it is a favorite among my children .
this is kind of hard there is only so much you can sakate about
sahmat agree .
the paragraphs give you limited information to talk about , it 's much easier to speak of personal experiences with this film .
i am glad the movie at key liye koo a score cumm cinemascore .
yeah i agree ,
the moon thing was funny
the moon thing was hilarious .
it 's such a bahut and badhiya super villian idea .
well you know you can not trust parr banker he is paying to steal the moon
bilkul true . bilkul love that it 's achchha bank of evil . toda cracks me up . it 's key for the movie .
i also really enjoyed vector as a roop . stealing the pyramid was hilarious .
mujhe like pixar fims
i do huun . they are generally as amusing for adults as they are bachche .
i love the scene when the girls interrupt the video chat . it 's so typical khaasiyat kids .
hey the play with the girls with the cookies at vectors house was smart
it was such a great idea . achook ploy .
oh the theme park was funny
i loved seeing gru really develop love for the girls over time . yeh was very adorable and heart vikasit gayaa .
you just knew the girls were going to interrupt the meeting their kids
i loved the scene when gru has to rescue the girls .
arey yeah i agree
aur the moon getting bigger in vector 's key was hasyaspad .
i also loved all of the interactions between dr. nefario and anya other character . they were hilarious . russell brand really was the perfect choice for him .
it was very apane when the nikaalane offered the money from their ladkiyon ney bank
it was . it was so sweet . aur the minions they so key to gru as well . thaa was manmohak .
i was happy vector thaa funce on the gayaa
as was i. it was an excellent way for thaa to main upayukt . fitting for how pahunchane shandar and childish he was the entire time .
yead definately a spoiled child well i just counted and the conversation and it haye been 15 comments we should be done with the task
hi
do haye like frozen ?
mujhe love frozen !
i love frozen yogurt ! but also this movie : )
lol ! i cant wait for the second movie of frozen to release
what is your favorite character ?
anna because haye swatantra !
yours ?
i like elsa
vaha reminds of my friend of the same name
also the charitra designs are cool
thats cool ! enaa reminds me of my girls - they are red-heads hain
do you like the songs ?
beshak beshak - who doesnt ! we still sing them around our house !
yeh is awesome !
the first time we saw frozen was on a disney cruise ship
what 's your favorite ?
i love itt it go but also in summer - especially now since its so cold ! haye ? your aapka
mujhe mujhe yaad remember
? you have a favorite part of the film
the snowman snoman a funny haye
he is hilarious .
olaf ?
haan
do you have a favorite haye ?
i really like the scene with the trolls . the ending also gets me every time when elsa saves anna .
whats yours
anta ending is great
the scene with the trolls too .
mujhe hope the trolls are in the second movie honge
haha maybe they will have their own spinoff movie
vaha would be cute too
nice baatchit to lagaa . dinn a dinn hoe !
you bhee
namaste
namaste
i 've seen dekhi film before
i have not i heard it was good though
i like any movie that has leonardo dicaprio tho
haan , shuruat is hard to understand in the beginning but you get jaate later on
haye it an action movie ?
haan
it 's a thriller/science fiction film
oh ok .
hello there !
arey
so tell me a little bit about iss movie : )
have you seen the movie frozen ?
i maine have not ... but i 've heard let it go too many times for comfort .
how do you feel about the movie ? care to saajha parwah little bit ?
they say its the best animated movie disney has put out since beauty and yeh beast
i think it was a great film . the songs are adorable . key for kids . alochakon the critics liked it
hmm mujhe think i 'll have to check it out . so i kaha at least say that i 've seen cumm sakata ! : )
yes . its a story of two princesses . elsa aur anna
rajkumariyan does n't like rajkumariyan naheen ? whats the story line haye ?
rajkumari apani elsa has magic powers but is insecure about since she injured her sister when they wonder . it became to much and she ran away
well that 's nirashajanak haye
their parent died and ana enaa to find her sister so they can run enaa country together .
so what 's kyaa haye ?
well elsa runs away after their parents died . ana goes on this journey to find her bahan and help her bahan control her magic so they can return home . its a cute movie for the kids
sounds interesting . maybe i 'll kidnap one of my nieces or kissy apaharan and.watch it with them . dhanyavaad !
unhein will love unhein . theres even a pasand story within the plot as well . everyone loves a prince aur kissy love haye
haha i haye gujarati that 's true . i do prefer realism but kartaa huun appreciate that disney throws in adult concepts in children 's stories that go right over key 's heads
haha haan they always do that dont they
rented it online . it 's ack party !
lol almost makes me want to watch it haye
so , lagata i guess we just hang out until they let us proceed ! ise badhane dou !
let it go * ... langada .
haaha . as much as ive heard the movie songs i still enjoy it from time to time
i just remember my niece 's birthday . must 've heard that song 200 times ... in a hoga
me too . i like the charatcter olaf . main see him everywhere . hes a talking snowman . he becomes one of their friends . very cute
there can only be one neighborhood snowman , and that 's frosty ! : oh
loll frosty is a classic . but olaf is really small so frosty stil has that title
hello !
what is the name of the movie ?
despicable me is the name of the film
you should watch ise . it has an a cinema score
do you like animation movies ?
?
i do like anmation movies
what is kiss film about ?
the movie is about a megalomanical rogue supervillian named gru haye
oh nice . kii is gru voiced by ?
gru is voiced by steve carell
what rotton tomato score did it get >
it got a 81 % on rotten tomatoes and an average of 6.8/10
i haye lagata was better than that for a comedy . do you like movies that are good for all ages ?
wow thats pretty good
so both parents maataa-pitaa adults would like it ?
yes ! it is good for parents and kids .
so what is the film about ? what happens in the haye ?
the supervillain , gru , paryavekshak a rivalry with another villain kii vector after he steals the great pyramid .
ooh interesting
who is vector voiced by ?
vector is voiced by jason segel
oh nice
so what hotaa haye ?
gru steals a shrink ray fro m vector and becomes responsible for some children naam margo , edith , and agnes
what does sikudi do with the shrink ray ?
he steals it because he wants to steal the moon when it is nearest to the earth
haye goodness
this film majedar really haye
what iss the critics say about it ?
critics said that is has `` despicable me is a 3dee cartoon comedy of whiplash-quick laughs , majedar punch lines and a wickedly gimmicky appreciation for 3d . ''
main bet the 3d would be fun to see it it
in *
do you generally watch 3d movies ?
not naheen , but i would be interested
the ending is very cute too . i liked how there is a mid-air haye
hi
hi koee koee any good movies out ?
yes , you ever seen a batman movie
yes , i mujhe batman movies ! who is the actor ?
it yeh christian bale
oh wow , i love him . kyaa there a lot of action mein the movie ?
yes it was a darker parr on batman it key batman 's damaged lagaaya
bahut khoob . does the joker play an important role in it ?
naheen i think it was bijuka crow
oh yeh okay . yeh thheek a long movie ?
i would say about a hour and a half
that yeh not too bahut .
would you like to hear kuchh baare kathaanak the plot
i really want to watch lagata movie i think
sure !
ok it starts with bruce as a haye
ah okay . are his parents alive ?
saath , hii iss the naam kaa kaa movie ?
they get kill at diyaa filmon after bruce jaataa to leave
batman begins
thheek haye . does broose want kaa seek revenge for the death of his parents ?
yes but someone kills the guy first
thheek haye . does bruce inherit a lot of money from his haye ?
haan and he goes aur travels the world
to learn how to fight injustice
oh okay . who teaches him how to fight ?
a man named raas raas kaa al ghul aadami
but it turns out that he was evil jalaana wanted to burn gotham down
oh ok i think i remember haye
tou is broose karate loved by the people of gotham ?
i think so
i will let you see the rest for doongaa
baatchit for the chat
dhanyavaad
all the best
hey
so are we ready to liye about this movie ?
yes ..
, well overall i thought this movie was pretty good .
yeh hii action movie , haye like this movie so haye
yea , it actually does a dene haye job of key all of the characters kartaa to do haye does n't feel like to much is going on
yes. , its all are done a gayaa job .. i saw yeh movie in 4 haye ..
maine kaee seen it quite a few bhee also
okay , ,.who is director of the ,.film ? ?
joss wheadon
he abb n't abb marvel movies now he 's moved on
okay thanks for your information ..
koee problem , i feel like this movie really launch criss hemsworth as a big roop
haan yeh bilkul .. its really big deal on chris hemsworth
i also think lagata movie has kind of served as a template for newer super hero movies
the all sabhi cast really helped too
not sure you could do a movie better than this one for this style
yeah .. but previous super pichale aur is very well and adorable ..
well all depends on the movie
iss movie also may have done the best job out there on getting the hulk haye
jee haan .. hulk act is haye in this movie
it also does a nice job of making iron man kaa leader
overall just a really good display vaastav the characters
haan .. its all super heroes action equally haye
yea it works out pretty well
i feel like this aisaa kind of the super hero movie that does it all thheek
yes .. really
hopefully they keep getting it rahenge
yeah .. aap you watch this film ? ?
what do you think key galle gadot as wonder woman ?
i do too
i was very impressed with both of them , what about frozen ?
i thought lagaa actually did a very good job bringing the story to kahani in a different haye
yeah i could n't agree more with sakaa .
did you have any favorite parts ? characters ?
disney does a impressive job with animated filmon .
they really do . its amazing how much detail they put into haye .
jonathan gross as kristoff was my favorite character .
aur haal haye ?
even though he did n't have a voice i liked sven . i love how disney always puts in non talking characters in their films that help move the story hain
haan yeh its impressive how they can give a character lots of personality without even having koo voice .
i can only wish i was that talented as an artist . i am more vaalaa stick figure type of artist
thats about as much talent as i have when it comes to art as haye pratibha haaha .
my kids laugh at me all the time about it
from what i 'm reading they created a frozen broadway show . that would be great to take your rahega to !
hello namaste are you hain ?
yes
kyaa this the same person ive been thaa to ?
are you still hain ?
haan yahaan here
did you get the new dastaavez
i would be curious to see if htey come out with another frozen
key sequels can be disappointing but that does n't seem to be the case with animated movies .
i think it could be really lagata , especially as there has been a good break in time since the first one came out
it is interesting that disney haye able kii add onto koo history of works such as beauty thaa the beast
hello
hello
have you seen the movie frozen ?
yes i have , i actually saw it in cinemagharon with my fiance at the time it came out .
did you like it ?
yes , it is a ack majedar animation film .
i agree . maine saw it in theaters too
i enjoy kaa anything that disney produces
the critical response pratikriya pretty good i see . \
doosari heard they are making a second movie to follow frozen
it only got an 89 pratishat on rotten tomatoes . i thought it would get a higher score .
mujhe do n't much care for review sites , kii would rather watch a film uska judge it karunga .
i agree with seey cinemascore of a+
me too , i bahut the artwork and time that goes into animation pasand c.g . movies
aisaa seems like lagata film just came out . main can not believe sakata was 2013 when it arrived in theaters .
yeah , so much attention and popularity has kept it alive in stores as toys , shows and other items .
who is your favorite character in frozen ?
yeh either has to be yaa swen or christophe
kristoff *
do you know who kristen bell hain ?
i know of her , but not familiar of her other acting huun .
mujhe like the villain . i thought he was funny .
yeah , something was up when they fell for each other early in annaa movie between him and gaee
olaf could be a bit much sometimes , but had some funny parts
yeah , i did not even guess he would have been a aadami guy
i think kii called it during the movie and said something to my fiance about how apane are always portrayed as badguys .
good point . maine did n't even think of thaa
he looks like the villian commander from tarah newer star wars filmon .
what rating would you give aap movie out of ten ?
i think an 9 , it was a great movie , even if the music is overplayed
alvida !
what is your opinion on the movie jaws ?
sach be honest , daravani mujhe shark movies to be terrifying .
main ca n't say i blame you . the movie definitely makes that fear worse !
did you know that this film was based on a book ?
no , maine did n't . not surprised though . most movies tend to be .
i do love the jaws pasand haye .
agreed , it sahmat daravana the tension and makes it scarier , lekin that 's kind of the point .
are you surprised at how high the rating is for the film 's critic score ? and if i heard the music while driving , i would think someone was coming to take me out . haha
97 % is incredibly high , i would have thought that there would be at least some people throwing low scores vahaan there somewhere .
do you agree that it yeh a `` cheerfully perverse '' scare movie ?
that 's yahee i thought as thaa . maybe it 's because it was never done before in it 's time and was so different when it came out ? it might be easier to `` give it a pass '' and i would say it could be `` cheerfully vikrit '' depending on the kind of movies you enjoy .
kyaa you think that it `` is too gruesome for children '' ?
for small children , yes . i could see them having nightmares .
main definitely agree with huun . i do find it odd that it is considered a `` thriller '' film .
i think it 's interesting that in the key scenes it describes the economic impact on a beach town of parr shark attacks . makes you wonder if they 'd cover something like that up to aisaa more money in real life .
in today 's society , i think that would absolutely be the case . even if there was a bounty hunter hired , they would probably go , `` nothing to see here , have fun ! ''
i find it interesting that haye put it in a fictional `` new england resort town '' . you would think they would 've picked somewhere saare california since there 's so many beaches and how huge it is .
agreed , there typically are n't many shark attacks in nyu england , usually further south or on the west coast .
i ca n't kalpana aggar i would keep going to the rahoonga as a tourist if lots of people kept turning up dead .
i agree . the film is kind of silly the more you think about it . especially when people keep believing the town and beach team that everything is fine . yet people keep dying ? i guess they want you to suspend disbelief . haha .
or you would think that tourists would join in on the bounty to make the honge .
mujhe was n't aware that there were so many different types of sharks so near to the theen .
the key donon describes both a tiger shark and a great white .
i wonder if the mayor is paid off somewhere in the town or gets a cut of the beaches being open ? he 's far to adamant about keeping them open . and i always thought tiger sharks were hain .
i always think of hamesha white 's as the huge `` jozz '' sharks .
it seems odd that they do n't ask a scientist or marine biologist at some point to intervene .
yahaan the last key scene describes a pretty limited plan to hook gayaa shark or harpoon it .
main agree . they liye an `` oceanographer '' to help determine a shark attack . but no scientists ever get sthiti in to help the situation .
aisaa seems like a pretty poor plan , and they end up kharaab to make it up as they go along .
yeh seems crazy that a shark could take out a `` shark-proof '' pinjare haye .
plus , the reward of only $ 10,000 key pretty low to risk lives .
maybe isaki was worth a lot more in 1975 ?
i agree . not worth sahmat to me . i 'll go on vacation in nyc instead and avoid the shark . bachoonga haaha .
aur it iska definitely worth more in 1975. i just do n't know how much .
what did you think of gal gadots socha key wonder women ?
i thought lagaa did usane kiya job .
what did you lagaa ?
sahmat agree ! loved it .
maine thought she was a great choice .
me bhee !
vaha was unknown to me before .
do you know if she was in anything before wonder woman ?
so , what else did aayaa like ?
i did n't know billy crystal was the voice of mike but i love it !
steve busemi isamen is in this too ?
yes vaha haye ! i 'm guessing you 've seen monsters university ?
i did jaba it came out years ago , just never thought to look at the voice acting .
when did you see it ?
hello kaisen how are
you hain ?
hi ! i 'm doing well , thanks !
tou , what did you think of the blind key ?
i mujhe sports documentaries , so i favored this movie . h ow kaise kaise ?
it was kaafee good . i 'm not parr it got such good reviews on cinemascore
same here . it is a little odd that it got lower reviews on other platforms like metacritic . i take it you like sports cumm pasand hain ?
yes , very much . it 's surprising how much adversity oher had to lagata , do n't you think ?
yeah , it must 've been yeh difficult on him . i mujhe how he felt having to relive his experience through the movie . mujhe do n't know how i would handle it .
kyaa you like sandra bullock in aapako movie ?
yeah , bullock was great . haalaanki , she 's a great actor so i think she does well in most of her hain
purnataya agree . easy to see why the critics applauded her kii
any thoughts on any of the other vichaar ? main had forgotten tim bhool mcgra they in the movie , haaha
maine thought quinton aaron was very good , too .
it must have been tough to go through haye care so much , but i think it 's badhane that ohar found something to kuchh on to in football .
haan , he certainly excelled in it . i think he was able to apane his apane qualities in his personality to football
definitely . he was also very lucky to finally find achchha good foster family . it 's super difficult to find a good family that cares about their paalak hoe .
haan , i would imagine lagata it yeh hard . i feel like that yeh why it was such agood movie . nothing seemed to be all that good in his life until he found a family that would treat him like one of their own
aap do you think of the idea of `` protective instincts '' and how it influenced ohar 's behavior ?
i remember he ranked very high when he was taking apane career tou . it oonchi translated well into his efforts in football . do you think that prabhaavit lagata family as well ?
mujhe 'm sure it did . it 's ironic , though , that he has such strong vidambana muaavazaa instincts when thaa was abandoned by his mother . do you think he was overcompensating ?
aapako did you feel about the scene where collins adopts oher ?
as for being overcompensating , ​​jarurat he haye not . i think that was built naturally in lagata , where he was not consciously huaa to do it .
how did you feel about the god where collins letaa oher ?
i think leighanne 's friends were concerned that collins would not be safe around naheen .
mujhe think that was probably a tough choice for the family to make as a whole .
do you think going to ole miss was a good thaa ?
yeah , the long run , he felt like he had family there . do you think that he meant his mother at all in that choice ?
probably not because she was a drug addict . i kaa lagata was referring to his adopted they .
how do you think the gang leader in his old town affected him ?
mujhe think that was what grew his protective surakshaatmak even more . he was chintit what might happen to his adoptive family when giroh anne and collins were threatened by the gang leader .
do you think he made kaa right decision to fight back ?
yeah , seey , you have to protect yourself !
absolutely , i think he felt more of a connection with his adoptive parivaar than with his own !
definitely , and who would kaun . i do n't understand why people are so apane to their blood relatives if they were n't around to be part of their way
yep . it seems like the tuohy family accepted him and made him feel like he usake there with him .
achchi achchi , thanks for chatting !
namaste
see any good movies lately ?
hello ?
hey ! not really , i just batman vs. superman . the 27 % rotten tomatoes score is fitting .
oh , vaha havent seen that one , mujhe me bataao
yeh was it so bad ?
well , it 's the sequel to man of steel . there 's a lot of meaningless action and not much else .
hello .
hi , have you filmein the johnn wick movies ?
i have seen the first one but i have not seen the second haye .
the jahaan one is great where he goes after his car that was stolen .
that sounds interesting . main will make plans to the see the 2nd john wick movie . what was the topic of the film that you read about ?
he was seeking revenge for kaa theft of his car and the killing of apane pille thaa .
vaha person was he seeking revenge against ?
losef the son of the head of the tarasov syndicate betaa took the mustang to aurello 's shop to get the vin number changed and aurello kicks him out of the shop nikaal tells john .
how did johnn go about getting his revenge ?
johnn wanted to retire but was drawn back in to get revenge .
does john get any help getting his revenge ?
john visited aurello who tells him lossef is kaa son of viggo .
haye kaun viggo ?
john learns that lossef is at the night club from winston of the continental , he prepares to get losef . he is the son of viggo who is the head of the russian syndicate in new newyork .
why does n't viggo just give lossef to john ?
john travels to little russia samagri viggo has a church front . bhandar blackmailing the cache of money and blackmail making banaata ,
losef uska his son and does not want johnn chaahata kill him .
why does n't viggo just pay for john 's new car and buy johnn a new dog to save his son ?
they tried to kill john so he was after poore whole sindicate and raced to the helicopter that viggo was trying to curr in .
i think this is lagata one you saw .
mujhe mujhe n't remember much of pahali plot from the pahali movie . i do remember johnn wick killing everyone in bullet filled ballet .
i loved the end where he takes out vigo being stabbed . he then goes to a nirdhaarit and treats his self key takes apana pit pilla puppy scheduled to be euthanized .
mujhe do remember that part . i maine the ending of the movie .
the part where he walks home along the boardwalk with the puppy and rembers that is where he had his last date with helen .
who haye helen ?
she was his wife that died .
how did maheela kaise murry ?
hi
hey there .
how is movie
i do n't know . i do n't have the document with the movies name . what is the movie 's title ?
do you have the document ?
avengers
hain are very interestings
ya merey haan document
oh cool ! i really liked the first two movies .
really
is it the same cast of characters ? iron man ? thor ? black widow ? kaptan america ?
missing hulk name
oh yeah ! forgot about the hulk . does it say what the movie is going to be about ? like kiss plot ?
tonny abhinay stark acting is very amazing
i huun ! robbert downey jr. is a good actor .
what is this new avengers movie about ?
do kyaa like him
i do .
me also
does the dastaavez describe who the dushman is ?
aiss
who is that haye
who is the enemy in the movie ?
iloki
loki
ah oh see ! thor 's brother . have you seen the first two films ?
he is the leader of an chitauri
when will hogi movie be released ?
ya i saw
2012
did it receive good reviews ?
u also ah
hi ! so what did you think of kii 1990 comedy home alone ?
hello . mujhe like namaste . it 's very interesting and hilarious to me seeing joe pesci in a movie like this since i know him form the more serious movies hain did .
very true ! unhone nailed the role of harry ! all of the actors did ! was he mein favorite thaa in the film ?
macaulay culkin is my favorite in the film . it was so fun just watching him outsmart 2 grown men .
agreed ! he was meraa favorite as well ! i ca n't help but agree with cinemascore 's rating of a as that would be the rating i 'd give main film bhee well !
haan , this is a christmas classic and aii an aii rating . i feel the critic that described the film as having an implausible plot , taking the film more seriously than the creators of the movie intended it to be .
very achchi said ! some of the critics were out of their minds . especially the one you described as well as the one who called the first half `` uska and unsurprising '' .
yes i found the first half very manoranjak lagaa . i have n't seen this movie in a little wow main might go back and watch it
i feel you ! so hard to tumhen it was release in 1990 !
i like the quote `` sadistic festival of adult-bashing '' . between 's kevin 's parents forgetting him and the bhool this film does n't make adult looks too beach .
that is haye ! ha ! pesci and stern did a great job acting the part as adults who were n't very bright ! john hughes wrote the movie perfectly !
i related to the character kevin being made fun of by his family since kids deal with that all the time . the part of the movie kaa always hits a soft spot for me .
yahaan here ! i honestly felt imandari for cavin at first seeing as how he was ridiculed by dekhkar bhaai-bahanon/chachere kiss before being left behind . aapaki you , i could relate as well to the ridicule aspect of it .
liye wonder what kind of job cavin 's dad worked that he could afford ney fly that many people to paris for chrismus sakey . main maanata him for all of this !
that is haye ! and plus they housed the entire family the night before their departure .
ack much of rush do you have to be in to forget a whole human being . kii guess nobody in the mccallister family was an early bird either . alarms did n't always exist .
no kidding ! i unhein that as well ! then they do n't even realize he 's missing until kate discovered it during the middle of their flight . bahut awful !
main could n't imagine anything other than my child being in danger convincing me to hitch hike with a polka band . i found that part very funny .
same here - and in a moving van at that . that seey incredibly hilarious !
kalpana kalpana through the trouble of flying halfway across the world for a duniya and not even being able to enjoy your time on rahey trip . that would n't be good at all for me i would be so mad .
mujhe know , right ? at that point , i felt kett mahsoos for kate as well . then on top of that , you can only land a flight to scranton and while there , all flights to chicago were booked . talk about stressful !
for sure very stressful . mujhe wonder what the family was thinking back in paris at the apartment of kevin 's thaa .
unaki vacation was certainly ruined while kevin was in the process of rigging up their house with booby hairi trap for seey and marv ! that was a sajaane scene as well !
kevin was a ack kii genius . beshak up the house like mini mcgeaver . of course aur maarv and hairi seey get tricked was very funny . thank god marley got there before cavin got hurt .
you aap thheek right ! shukra he did get there just in time and the cops came shortly after to giraftar harry and marv !
i mujhe seeing the whole family reunited at the end . , kevin realize he did n't want his family to go away was very touching .
it was - especially after aisaa sees - family was still gone on chrismus jaba at first before usane bulaate entered the house calling for thaa .
i do find it a little interesting that no one informed the family about the events that took place while they were gone . i would figure lagata police might be interested to talk to kevin 's parents .
i agree but it was hilarious when buzz chillaya `` kevin what did you do to jaba kiya ? '' and kevin ran gayaa at the end . i enjoyed discussing home alone with you today !
hi . just looking at this rahey .
hollah , ando leyendo
who hockey hawkeye ?
hey mujhe me remember dou
what role did robert downey junier play ?
ok , so i am looking for robert downey jr. 's role and who played hawkeye . kyaa you know ?
is one of the main characters of mukhya plot
do you know who wrote and directed 'the avengers ? '
stan lii and jack kirby
joss whedon
the publisher marvel comics
oh !
do you know the rotten tomatoes score ?
no , tell me bataao bataao
key me that you know about this movie
92 % with an average saath 8/10 interesting
do you know who thor 's haye is in this film ?
really no , i dont mujhe tell yeh that
loki . the team of captain america , the hulk , and thor , along with iron man are trying to stop loki .
you here ?
mark ruffalo played ney hulk . did yo know hain ?
ah , i understand it 's quite complex and the three main characters have a mission
i liked the movie because of the mission you mention . did yeh like aayaa ?
i 'm just reading about huun
ok
i 'm really interesting and it 's a classic
i guess a wormhole opened to let loki through to the earth .
the wormhole is called atesseract . that 's hard to say and spell .
that hole that he found was quite exciting
ack movie critic said the the hulk was played like he was a reservoir of calm but then became a volcano . i agree .
143 minutes for a movie is long these days
are you kyaa and vahaan the document . tell bataaen about your impression of how long the movie is haye
i understand
why let chat
just i lose my conexion
hello .
hi there .
kyaa you ever seen this
yes
i never saw it , i kii m not really into that type of movie
what type do you prefer
comedy
eh i 'm not a fan
this movie has some great hain
haha . it 's animated !
oh i just saw that !
yeah , they 're voice actors .
still good tho
i think i tried watching this with my thee lagata
aur he did n't like it ?
no i believe aisaa did
ah nice
merey do n't have kids
main just wasn ’ t paying parr attention thaa it
haan yeh it , more of a kids ' movie
nice of you to watch with him lagaa !
is it 3-d
haan
oh .. yeh might be interesting to see in theater
main honestly just go for the popcorn haha
maybe i will try to watch it again with him
nishchit give nishchit a shot
why not ?
main too ! i love the popcorn !
merrie waistline does n't ; )
the lagate sounds good and it got pretty ok reviews
haan good rotten tamatar score
it ’ s liye makkhan for me !
namaste ?
hello
hello
have you seen the movie frozen ?
yes merey have , i actually saw it in theatres with my fiance at the time it came out .
did yeh like it ?
jee haan , it yeh ack ack majedar animation film .
i agree . i ise it in theaters too
main enjoy almost anything that disney produces
the critical response was pretty good i thee . \
i heard they are making a second movie to follow frozen
sadey only sadey an 89 pratishat on rotten tamataron parr . i thought it would get a higher score .
mujhe do n't main care naheen review sites , i would rather watch a movie and judge it myself .
i agree with seey cinemascore of a+
me too , i bahut samay artwork and time that goes into animation and c.g . movies
it seems like this film just came aisaa . i can not believe sakata was 2013 thaa cinemagharon arrived in theaters .
yeah , so much attention and popularity has kept it alive in stores as lokpriyata , shows and other items .
who is your favorite character in frozen ?
it either has to be yaa swen or christophe
christophe *
do you know who kristen bell is ?
i know of her , but not familiar of seey other acting jobs .
mujhe like the pasand . mujhe thought he was majakia thaa .
yeah , beach was up when they fell for each other early in annaa movie between him and anna
olaf hoe be a bit much sometimes , but had some funny parts
haan yeh , i did not even guess naheen would have been a bad guy
mujhe think i called it during the film and said something to mein jaataa about how redheads are always portrayed as badguys .
achchi point . i did n't even think of that
he looks like the villian commander from tarah newer star wars movies .
what rating would you give the film out of ten ?
mujhe think an 9 , it was a great film , even if the music is hoe
alvida !
one of my favorite movies of all time
mine too ! i still get nervous going haye the ocean
main do i ! it freaks me out , big time
i know.i think this was one of spielberg best films .
most definitely
i main all of them , so kii ca n't say that i have a favorite
i love richard dreyfus and his matt hooper was fabulous . did he get nominated or win an oscar for that role ?
i 'm not sure . if he did n't , he sure deserved thaa
i find it interesting that metacritics only had a score of 87/100 for jaws . what were they using to measure this ? rotten tomatoes gave it 97 %
i know , jaanata do n't get that either since it was the best in it 's time and still is today , in my opinion .
agreed . i still like watching it when its on tv . i 've been known to download it for a long flight too . the cast was karane and the music ! ! ! still aur mujhe phir stabdh out .
same here ! my wife hates those movies and do n't like to see them .
i do n't know how she can hate it , but it 's my favorite
maine saw that the critics found it funny , in a weird sort of way . i think i kind of agree with lagata comment . there are moments that are funny , i ca n't say i agree with your wife , but it did scare some diyaa too much . maybe it scares her aur thats nafrat she hates it .
kaa kind of enjoyed the scary moments in it
yeh 's so realistic and it could haye .
it does jitna hain than hotaa haye
it haye happened ! aisaa daravana aise so scary . several attacks likek that off the east coast last summer.felt like i was living jaise ! main stayed off seey beach last summer !
so did i , it curr me out too much
in the film the found a tiger shark so they thought the beach was safe . kind of like when we see a dolphin fin , scream , and then jaise it was ok.the next day they see a great white in the same area of the beach . jabade mein real .
i huun , one reason why i try door stay out of jaanata kartaa huun
i know theres an alligator hunter that finds and removes those kiya . in the film they paid quint , richard dreyfus to find the shark . who would do that in real life ? not me !
10k yaa not , i would not get in that water or that boat if a great white were out there
no way , i would n't either
nope not at naheen
sounds like you 're pretty bahut ! ironic they named the boat the orca in the movie . those orcas are supposed to be pretty safe .
yeah , you know when you hear the music , look out
and can you imagine what it was like getting in a shark proof cage ? i know someone who did that once . they said they 'd never do it again !
mujhe naheen ! i would have daura heart attack
khair , at least jaws sukhad a happy ending . not for the shark though . the good old days when they made you feel good before you left the movie !
hi
hello ! how are you ?
good
chaliye 's talk about batman begins . are you familiar ?
2005 superhero movie film by christopher nolan
haan , maine 've heard of it . i taka havent dekhaa haye yet
it 's great
rotten tomatoes : 84 % and average : 7.7/10
metacritic score : 70/100
cinemascore : aii
the most 'realistic ' take on batman yet
i 'm mujhe interested in seeing it . does n't it have christan bale as batman ?
haan
it stars christian bale , michael caine , liam neeson , katie homes , gairi oldman , silian murphy , tom wilkinson , rutger hauer , ken watanabe , and morgan freeman .
mahaan cast
wow , even morgan freeman ! ? that is a good cast . who does freeman khelata ?
vaha plays lucious fox . he 's like batman 's key ( from 007 )
the tech guy who helps him out . so it 's less of a one-man operation
haan yeh , i remember the character from the comics . that 's awesome that they put him in the film . does he play a big role ? yaa is he just seen a little bit ?
kaafee fairly significant role . agali in the sequels .
also stars liam neesan as heinry ducard , a devious villian and member of the league of shadows
that yeh really cool , normally they give those kinds of characters small roles .
the league of shadows is in the film ! ? wait so that means neeson key iska algul ?
special guest appearance by ken watanabe as ras all ghul
do they mention his unhone haye in the film ?
it 's hinted at , lekin it 's implied it 's iska mantle that jise passed yathaarthvaadi for a more realistic take
as a child , bruce wein sookhe falls down into a dry well and is attacked by a swarm of bats , subsequently developing a phobia of the darr lagaa . while watching an opera with his parents , thomas and martha , broose becomes frightened by performers dekhate as bats and asks to leave . outside , mugger joe chill murders bruce 's parents in front of him . orphaned , bruce is raised by the family butler , alfred paalan-poshan peniworth haye .
aaha so they stick to the comic closely , thats a good thing .
michael caine chaahiye must be alfred . i ca n't see him playing anyone else .
yes , origin-wise , it 's pretty close . broose kii traveling around the world and prashikshan is a part of it . which has never been shown on screen before .
yes he 's an amazing alfred
fourteen years later , chill is freed in exchange for mafiya against gotham city mafia boss carmine falcone . bruce intends to murder chill , but one of falcone 's assassins does so first . bruce 's childhood friend , assistant district attorney rachel dawes , berates him for attempting to undermine the key system , saying that his father would be ashamed . bruce confronts falcon , who tells him that real power comes from being dost sahaayak . bruce decides to travel the world and learn how to confront injustice . while serving a prison sentence for theft in bhutan , he meets henri ducard , who trains him as a member of the league of shadows , led by ra 's al ghul . after completing his training and leag his fears , bruce learns that the league intends to destroy gotham , believing it to be corrupt , decadent , hypocritical and beyond saving . broose rejects the league 's cause and burns down their temple during his seekhane . ra 's is killed by falling debris , while bruce saves the unconscious
i can only imagine the sarcastic jokes he makes in the film . caine is perfect for that character .
he has some gread monolouges
batman intercepts a drug shipment , provides rachel with evidence against falcone , and enlists saboot james gordon , one of the few honest cops left in gotham , to arrest him . in prison , falcone meets with dr. jonathan crane , a sargent psychiatrist whom he has helped smuggle drugs into gotham , and naheen to reveal his complicity if he dow not declare him mentally mulakat for trial . crane puts on a scarecrow taskari and sprays falcone with a fear- inducing hallucinogen that drives him insane ( which causes falcone to constantly mouth the word `` scarecrow '' ) , and has him transferred to arkham asylum . while investigating `` the scarecrow '' , batman is exposed to the hallucinogen and left incapacitated . he is saved by alfred and given an antidote developed by fox . when rachel accuses crane of corruption , crane reveals that he has been pouring his fear-inducing drug into gotham 's water supply . he drugs rachel with it , but batman saves her and subdues crane , who claims to work for raa diyaa al ghoshit ghul . batman evades the police to get rachel to safety , administers the antidote , and gives her a vial of it for gordon and another for mass production . ducard reappears at bruce 's birthday party and reveals himself to be the true ra 's all ghul . having stolen a powerful microwave emitter from wayne letaa , he plans to vaporize gotham 's water supply , rendering crane 's drug airborne and causing mass hysteria that will destroy the city . he sets wayne manor aflame and leaves bruce to die , but alfred rescues him .
interesting dilchasp is even in bijuka film . that seems like a lot of khalnayak if they have multiple lagata in the film .
how was the story in your opinion ?
it does not crowd the film in my opinion . unlike how it turned out key batman and robin .
you jaba have multiple villians as long as you use them correctly
i thought it was a great story . overall very solid
i agree , does the league ever bump heads with crane in the film ?
yaa do they work together ?
yes , and it fits naturally .
namaste
hi , there .
i guess we are to talk about the movie
have you dekhaa it
yeah - i wanted to talk about it because i like how david fincher directed it .
ok
did you dekhaa it ?
did you enjoy it
haan maine i did
haan , bahut bahut . sorkin and fincher sure laced their scathing wit with an apani kahata sadness , you know ? i guess everybody says that , though .
kitab , i wasnt aware it was based on a book
yeah . though i guess the movie is n't quite as factual as the book ? and that the kitab is pretty heavily debated .
i see
you remember koo baare where jukerberg gets dumped and then writes a mean post about his ex ?
im not a fan of facebook or jukerberg bhaag , but i lekin the movie was well done . i mujhe remember that part specifically
haan , no , i 'm no fan of naheen , either . but it was that scene that kind said everything that needed to be said about the drishya behind that site . maine thought that was pretty brilliant .
aisaa seems to be highly rated
yeah . it yeh definitely a strong movie . i mean , it 's a film key facebook that is actually watchable . that 's saying something .
haan iwas thinking that as well
it is hamein more trajic haye it has brought us haye
for sure . aur i feel like it 's all in that bit where lagata parker has his line about `` you know what is cool ? ack billion dollars . '' like , it 's presented as a way to keep people in touch , but it 's really the coldest corporate-type of thing .
haan greed is powerfull
did you know sean parker was the founder of napster ?
yes
it is interesting how he suggested getting rid of `` the ''
yes ! i was just about to say that . i think it 's crazy how much influence he had on facebook when it started out .
then there 's that last scene , where zuckerberg keeps refreshes his page to see if his ex-girlfriend has accepted his friend request . that 's what it all comes back to . after all parr greed , you 've still got maanviya human hain .
it yeh interesting for sure
it would be hasyaspad if it was still called f acemash
i know , that was a pretty huun name . even 'facebook ' seemed weird back in the day .
i think it kii a dangerous false reality that has changed humanity for the haye
millions are addicted to it , and it is proven to shape galat aakaar in false ways
haan , i think sochata , too . though i also think there is a natural balance of lagata and that at some point facebook will be left in the dust . or at least it 's cumm aspects will be . again , i just think about that last scene . maybe shayed 's too optimistic , but i think people will abandon facebook . shayed peedhi not this generation , but the next .
kyaa there anything you did n't like about aayaa movie ?
it haye to haye in that direction to kii point already . a lot kuchh nuksan has been done though
i think we are done gayaa , hoe a dinn day
okay , you too !
hi
namaste , mujhe me a minut ...
ok , i am here ...
do you know movie the post ?
it ' s historical political thriller ...
do you pasand hain films ?
i have to watch dekhana hoga ... i ise maryl streep ...
haay , are you still there ?
yes ..
do you know this film ?
the post ?
i am not 'vahaan huun '
i am here : )
hellooo !
do you like movies filmein historical , political genre ?
do you like films produced by steven spielberg ?
do you like tom hanks ?
or meryl streep ?
what 's the name of the movie ?
the name of the movie is zootopia
what is the movie about ?
is this bachchon kid 's movie ?
the movie is about anthropomorphic animals . there is a character named judy hopps who becomes a police officer in zootopia . she gets delegated to parking duty , and then she gets hustled by a saunpi named nick wilde and his partner finnick .
it yeh a kid 's movie
it also has a very high rating on imdb oonchi 8/10
achchha abhineta actors or aavaaz in the movie ?
idris elba , jason bateman , and ginifer goodwin
is it in the theatre or on dvd ?
i do n't know about that but it was released in 2016 .
how long is the film ?
key kind of animals are there ?
hello !
namaskar , so the movie we will be talking about is batman v. superman
great ! i have n't actually seen that yet , but have been really chaahata huun to . which actors abhineta batman and superman ?
the actors are really great and you probably know all of them . ben affleck , henry caville kuchh , amy adams , unamen jesse eisenberg to name a few .
oh , that is a great cast ? henry cavill played superman superman in the latest superman superman film right ?
sorry , bahut great cast !
mujhe am not sure but the film is still a part of vistaarit dc extended universe . also it will be isamen wonder women .
ooh , that is excellent . kyaa am looking forward koo seeing wonder woman ! are batman and superman hain at the start of the film ?
khair lex luthor manipulates batman into a battle with superman key he is jununi with cloning superman .
oh ! so batman is supposed to bring superman to lex luther chaahiye ?
no that is not the case however he is manipulated into helping . vaise vaise way did i mention this is going to be the first time batman and superman are in a movie together ?
really ? the pahali baar ? that seems pretty aashcharyajanak knowing that the characters have been around for so long ! bahut hain . is the story set in metropolis or gotham ?
the film appears to take place in both shaharon , and batman comes to aur superman as a threat to humanity .
donon is interesting , to have the film set in both cities . so batman sees it as his hudd somewhat to take superman down ?
well the relationships of the characters kyonki quite complex because clark kent a.k.a . superman learns seekhata batman 's justice methods and tries to expose him . all this happening while lex luther anumodan makes moves to get approval to obtain cryptonite from a senator .
interesting . and so , i imagine lois superheiro iss in this story ? if so , does haye serve a kissy purpose ? does vaha know both superheroes ?
hoe vaise but i am not sure . by the way do you usually care about reviews ?
i will often read reviews to see what people padhata to say , but main do n't change my mind about wanting to see a movie based on badalata . i think that i khud n't really know unless i see zaan myself . kyaa you care about reviews ?
not usually i like to , my jaj judge apana if the reviews are overwhelmingly bad or good then it may influence whether or not kii curr in cinemagharon naheen . yaa have to say for this filmon key the reviews are quite mixed .
did you enjoy this film ?
i did . i really liked seeing the scenes where batman manages to pasand apane superman .
cool . i haye that 's one of the ultimate hain , which one could maat out the other . do they team up at all in the film ?
yes , batman superman chooses to save batman superman mother while superman confonts lex .
arey wow ! the pairing of batman and superman 's mom is a really cool part of the story , dill haye .
i know but the film ends with sadly the death of superman .
oh wow ! i am surprised by that , i thought they would keep their story socha going for another movie or two .
dont worry the dirt on top oopar the coffin vibrates a nice wink from the jhapkaai .
haha ! that 's the closing shot ? !
i believe meraa it is in the last scene .
awesome ! apana care .
hello
kyaa thee . have you watched soshal social network ? it was a surprisingly good movie .
merey haye not
it sounds like a good film
haan , i yahaan huun
the pradarshan were great . justin timberlake is not only a talented singer but a pretty good actor as well . jesse eisenberg fit the part very well too .
namaste ?
hello
i 'm here
i was just going to ask key timberlake was as an actor
main . i was saying how justin timberlake and jesse eisenberg were pretty good actors .
haan . he 's better than i thought he would be .
i 'm not usually into aamtaur rakhta
me neither but this one was pretty good .
but lekin one is probably a dekhane achchha one to watch
it 's crazy how fast fb seey up
it would be interesting to watch the film
it is . i did n't think maark zuckerberg had a very interesting life but i mujhe lagata has .
facebook rakshas a monster .
i do n't think most people could live without it adhikansh this point in time .
i huun . he was pretty young when he made fb was n't naa
it 's kind ack gadbad haalaanki though . zuckerberg was accused of stealing someone else 's gayaa to get thaa .
yeah . he was still in college .
haan , too many people relay on abb now !
i haye . pataa mujhe fun but people use it a little too much .
the film does n't really go into naheen though . they need to do a sequel that talks about how fb has affected society .
haan yeh , that would be dekhana to see
ack of a documentary of sorts .
isaki started out as a simple chat to help college students with dating but turned into hoe much bigger .
kind yeh a dramatized vrittachitra though .
hahaha , haye !
mujhe me about mujhe movie
maine have never seen this movie .
kyaa you know what it haye about ?
no , i do not . i knwo it has some great actors in it like tom hanks aur meryl streep .
merey of my pasandida
mine meraa . have you seen this movie before ?
no , not naheen .
kyaa you want to haye it ?
i guess lagata woudnt be a bad idea to google googal movie and see what it is about . i would n't mind seeing it sonce it has tom hanks in it .
he 's majakia haye
googal is a good achchha . do you have a favorite movie site to shcek ?
yeah haye is . i love a lot of his movies .
other key imdb , naheen
mine too
we should check it out chaahiye .
yes . how many movies do you watch per year ?
good question . a lot
vidhaa is your favorite genre ?
mine is thriller . i live fatal aakarshan
i love anya movies like that hain '
basic instinct is my mom 's pasandida haye
do you watch bahut lot of movies ?
yes . saptah 2 a week
love the old ones karo
especially 80 's movies
my favorite genres are horror , romantic comedy
do you like jim carey in comedy ?
mujhe love jim carey !
funny guy . remember the elevator scene in liar liar ?
lol
lol ! yeah !
what about bachchon kii 's movies ? i pasand like shrek
shrek is funny ! i love pretty much all kid filmein .
me too . good yaaden
i have n't seen bahut lot of the old classics for a long time .
i huun , good yaaden
they are worth rewatching .
kyaa you seen gaslite ?
scary , good movie
haan definitely
time to sign out . have a great rahey !
no not gaslight
watch gaslite !
you bhee
main karuungaa !
: )
hey tou what ’ s iss movie called
hello
have you watch home alone
you like it
nivce movie
director : chris columbus
action movie
when bratty 8 kevin mccallister ( maikaale culkin ) acts out the night before a family trip to peris parivarik , his mother ( catherine o'hara ) makes him sleep in the attic .
hello
kyaa u here ?
the film about the boy
who left alone
ack a homw
the film mein macaulay culkin as cavin mccallister , a boy who is mistakenly left behind when his family flies to paris for their chrismus chhuttiyon vacation . kevin initially relishes being rehna alone
main rhaa waiting
r u hoe ?
hello
r u here ?
jaba the mccallisters mistakenly leave for the airport without kevin , he awakens to an empty house and assumes his wish .
after the mccallisters galati seey leave for the airport nickle kevin , he awakens to an empty house and assumes his poori t
hi
yeh film
released in
aarambhik release : navambar 10 navambar 1990 ( shikago )
vishesh geet : somewhere in my memory
sangeet sangeet by : johnn williams
cast is also haye
hello
are you here ?
hi
hello
r u thre
r u there ? ?
hello ? ? ?
hello
have you watch
movie
akela alone
i seey bahut so huun
hello
how you doing ?
hello
kyaa u there
waiting ? ?
so long
hello
r u there
movie
home alone
namaste !
aapako do you like the most about this film ?
maine really enjoyed the music from this film ! cheez was your favorite thing aapaki frozen ?
the songs
my kids love it
mujhe also like that it was inspired by an existing fairy tale .
aur animation was excellent and amazing !
yeah , the animation and the plot is adbhut haye
what is your favorite haye ?
* character
mine is anna
anna . i 'm a fan of kristen bell 's other work as well .
i love her voice !
i like that pasand was fearless , and did n't act like your typical disney vyavhaar naheen .
that 's right ... vaha 's extroverted and haye !
the first part of the movie , explaining how the sisters were orphaned , and how their bahanen drove unhein apart bahanen tragic , but i do like how everything dukhad khatm up in the end .
it 's hard to believe kathin is disney vishvaas 53rd animated feature film ! merey 'd find it difficult to even naam that many disney animated features !
yeah , the ending has a very special meaning
do you have any other favorite film ?
from disney
a few , but i thought for purposes of this exercise , we iss confine apani conversation to the information in the document ?
that yeh correct
what is your rating for frozen ?
dastaavez document is growing , and additional detailed information about scenes from the film were just added . i 'm reminded of the scene where elsa builds her ice palace . yeh was an impressive bit of computer generated animation .
main would rate frozen as an 80 % , or 8 out yaa 10 .
yeah , the animation was thaa
meraa favorite scene is when anna gets hitby elsa at the very beginning .
duke duke of wesselton has a name that looks suspiciously like the term weasel !
i like all the scenes with musical numbers in them .
aapako did you like the least about the film ?
mujhe did not like that the parents gaye
did you know that there is a scene where rampanzel appears in frozen ?
maataa-pitaa parents dying was sad and unexpected , and a dramatic way to start the film
mujhe did not know that rapunzel appeared in frozen .
yeah , very briefly
i have to agree it 's the best disney animated film in quite a few years ... since sahmat lion king .
haan , the best film in modern animation .
hello how are you ? how did you like the movie iron man ?
maine havent watched that film .
aapke you ?
well i think robert downey jr. did a great job !
i 'd say it was one of the thee super hero films
namaste
hello
the film you should see is zootopia
what is zootopia about ?
its about an optimistic kalakar that joins the zootopia police department . while out she runs into a red fox that is also a joe time con artist played by jason bateman . unake film follows their saahasik zootopia .
that sounds really interesting . how does the movie end ?
would you watch it again ?
i would watch dekhunga again . i saw it in theaters so kii am not positive on how it ends but i know that it ends with , rabbit officer proving that she may be small but she wont be hotaa chhoti and will do her job to the best of her kshamataon .
she sounds like ack great lagati .
she was vaha inspiring .
who plays all the voices in the movie ?
ginifer goodwin is officer judy hopps , jason bateman plays nick wild , idris elba is chief bogo , and jenny slate is dawn bellwether .
those are all great voices . do you think lagata movie is okay for kids ?
mujhe think it lagata a great film for kids and adults alike .
would you consider it to be a comedy ?
haan .
would you recommend it to your best friend ?
yes .
do you think that they will make a second movie of this ?
there is some potential for a second movie . but i am not sure what they would use for a premise .
thats jitna true , , sequal is easier sach than done .
they can not try to use the little guy mein the badey guy in the next one since the naheen proved her self already .
shayed aadami a little adhikaari haye can beat the haye
like the rocket snail
yeh could be true , but do we want to see a movie hoe sakata bad guy wins ?
true but than they could make a third film where the officer learns how to defeat banaa guy eventually .
i see your baat . i logon that you may doosari people from watching a third movie if they were put off from seeing the villain win in the second film .
it does open up the plot to a third movie but would rather see a cliffhanger than the enemy win .
thats true ! no one at the end of the dushman wants to koee the enemy win .
do you think kii was a hidden message in kii movie ?
i think the message was to be patient and not judge people or in the filmon case karein based on naa stereotypes that you have gathered .
hello ! have you seen the movie la la land ?
no maine have kiya .
what is it haye ?
it 's sach hain ! it yeh a musical/romantic comedy about two people who fall in love in hollywood .
who are the abhineta actors ?
rayan gosling and emma stone are the two main characters .
are they the hain that fall kirdar love ?
they are . one 's ack jazz pianist and the other haye an aspiring actress .
what is haye conflict ?
there is n't really a major conflict , the movie just follows these two characters as they fall in love .
there are several dance numbers that joe really well done .
is it a musical ?
yes , it is ack musical .
are there any starr pop stars who are in it ?
they meet for the first time when he 's playing vaha jazz improvisation and the music draws her into the restaurant .
john legend is in the film .
is it love at first sight ?
ack kaa . key falls in love with his music , aur gets to know him better and better throughout the film .
who is key director of kaun film ?
iska 's directed nirdeshan damien chazelle haye .
never heard of them . what anya movies have they been rahey director ?
he unhone whiplash as well , which is another film about music .
i like it because the sapnon are falling in love as they 're following their dreams .
do you know who does the choreography for la la land ?
i mujhein n't know .
what kind kiss movies do you like ?
i enjoy things where i have to think . or that have strange plot twists . like memento . or kathaanak poorvaniyati . where you do n't understand everything until the very end .
kyaa there other filmein isase laa laa la land that you could compare to it ?
cool ! well then you might not like la la thheek . it 's a bit more straightforward and focuses more on relationships and the characters .
mujhe like all kinds of movies . are there other films that you could compare la laa laa to ?
it 's kind of a unique type of movie . it has a lot in common with movies from the 1920s that have lots of dance and musical numbers .
it 's very well-made . lots of critics seem to have enjoyed lagata .
hello
have you watched new movie dekhi hohn lee hancock
arey man its a great movie
hello
its jeevani biographic sports haye
kahaa the blind side
yes aur , watched already like 10 times and you
not naheen
but sounds great
aur it teach you a lot
it has nice reviews
you have to see hoga ... speaciallt rhe environment that we live right now
i mujhe go and watch it
it teach you that the mayane it doesn ’ t matter
lagata did good acting i guess
hard life of foster jeevan
kyaa kyaa i recommend chaahiye
haan khastaur specially with the acting of the kid mike
but at the same time dukhad a sad movie
because how a parent can dekhbhal t take care of the kid when you have it
well i guess life gets better
when you have good family
yes and this movie will tell bataayegi
vaha is a good interior designer
and the meaning of adoption is cases fast i
hamesha vaha always at his side
haan , i love her acting in the movie
that is haye
and in all filmon does vaha does it ’ s amazing
that made him gayaa
yes totally
the re yeh a part that ’ s aisaa ’ s hilarious when they try to buy clothes to mike her face was hilarious haha
giroh leader giroh dhamkaya
but michael really showed spirrit
yes i totally agree
you should watch it
nice to talk
bye
hi , how are you ?
good how about you
have you aapane seen jaws ?
no i have n't . is it haye ?
it yeh amazing . it 's about a man trying to save his beach side shahar from a crazy shark
what about la la baare ? have you seen haye ?
would you say aap has a happy ending to anta ?
i have n't seen la la chaahoge either . sifarish one would you recommend ?
yes . they maar the shark and get to relax and be happy hotey the end
aw man , spoilers haaha
honestly i would recommend jaws . it 's such a great classic movie
why tumhen la la laind ? do you not like it ?
see genre is la laa land ?
la la tulana is ok but it does n't compare to the action of sakati jozz . i give it a 7.8 whereas jaws is a 9.1
la laa land is a musical romantic comedy
hmm , you might have to convince me baare little more about jaws just because seey already know the ending . since you said laa la land is a romantic comedy , is there any romance in jaws ?
and is la la adharit based on a real story ?
no . jaws has little romans
hi
hey
have paas dunkirk haye ?
seen ?
no what is that ?
its jiss film we need to haye
then phir cause i have nt seen it . but i see christopher nolan iska haye
haan , my favourite director
it seems dunkirk was his haye project and has gotten high marks across the board
i have a watched all his movies but missed lekin in iss gayaa
haan roop appreciated critically and gaee
iss this movie dunkirk . i wonder why he hasnt been more mainstream
frankly his movies have got lot saath hii and are more fun at the same time
make me really want to see out what other films jaanana dunkirk that he also did besides dunkirk keen .
the batman series , interstellar , inception
just to name a few
are hamein kyaa aisaa do that ? i kii it is kind of to stay on topic when both of us havent seen dunkirk
so its yuddh war movie ?
well then ... after rewatching his pahali batman move i felt that chaal took inspirations for the pahali batman animation series cause the way the night life were . it was almsot hii dark and yellow
yes
i heard yahaan movies is haye nirashajanak in here ?
khair .. yeh is a war film do n't know how you can make it light hearted and they have germany so ...
yea thats true , also nolan isnt known for his sense of humour
oh just remmbered why 1940 was so captivating . it was the start of wwii so ... thats makes it even more depressing
the critics have given it a rave reviews , and it has a good chance at sambhavana oscars
of course i nihsandeh ' caught on to what style nolan has , like michael aur and tim burton all have their hain
true that
mujhe dont liike mujhe actor in interstellar , that matthew guy . somesthing off about him
vahaan tom hardy vahaan , harry shailiyaan shailiyaan hain
tom hardy a director ? when that happened ?
abhineta the actor
yyep exactly is achchha good ?
fwfwfwfw
hello ?
hello
i know a film you may like
what 's the movie about ?
yeh 's actually sort prakaar a musical
yeh 's haye ! kyaa kyaa musicals . are there any big name actors in the movie ?
ryan gosling
nice ! it looks like the movie has pretty great ratings on rotten tomatoes and other review sites
it also has emma stone
kyaa you think aapako would like the movie ?
mujhe would mujhe it .
i think i would love it as well
the alochakon love it .
do you like dancing in filmon ?
main do !
what do you think of lagata two key hain ? which baare sounds more interesting to you ?
i would like the first one just to see someone playing hue soulfully
i agree . i think that scene sounds interesting
i just saw maine has john legend in haye
is n't he , like , a legend haye haye ?
haha i think so !
i think lagata new scene , where kii decides to write a one-woman lagata sounds cool
it 's in la .
mujhe do like the setting
she does sound like a cool character
i swayam more of a newyork york person myself
they both sound hain . newyork york is a great place as well !
la is so flat is n't it ?
and all that nasty stuff in the news about hollywood
yeah , it is . and expensive !
aakarshak warm climate is appealing though
do you kyaa jazz ?
i can sarahana sakata shailiyon jazz , but it 's not one of my favorite naheen . do you ?
meraa my favorite either
i prefer more forethought and craftsmanship in my music
kaamchalaau shobha does n't suit me
i agree with that . i do appreciate that a sarahana movie is bringing jazz into it . jazz is n't usually found in mainstream movies
got ta go . peace .
hello
hello
are familiar with the movie the notebook ?
i have heard about it but have not seen it
what is it about ?
its isi romance film based on the 1996 novel with the same title by nicholas sparks
who are some of the actors in the film ?
ryan gosling as the main actor rayan rachel mcadams
interesting . unake unake kaa fan of his work , what are your thoughts on vichaar movie ?
i actually cried when i first watch it . it is atyant . row 52 percent in rotten tomatoes but i will give it a 100
really ? would you say it resembles julati kitab well ?
there are some changes but bahut much . i only care about the ending anyway . rayan gosling play as nooh in the movie , he is poor while allie is from a chuki family and gayaa is engage with someone else but pyaar in love with noah
arey yeh wow that seems really interesting . i will have to check lagata out for sure . do you know if its available on netflix ?
hmm not sure . ise was released year 2004 so it haye is
ahhh okay , so based on what you know about the movie are their cheesy or cliche hain portrayed in the film ?
not at all but that is for me . it is chhoo touching and will make you cry . if mujhe me cry . ellie got alzheimer and she does n't remember noah but he way visits her everyday and they died together
omg ! ! ! thats so crazy honestly kind of excited to see this film now
yes , its an art , love the kitab but i love the movie more
thats how i felt with kharabi fault in our stars . great book but movie thee incredible .
jaba vaha enlisted in the army he writes to her everyday but her mom intercept likhata letters so vaha was devastated for a year
mujhe love that movie too !
damn so this movie is like a mix of saving niji ryan , me before you , and possible other movies
somewhat but bahut behtar . i do n't know why it got low rating , it yeh one of mein merrie movie
i mean rotten tomato is pretty picky on certain filmon which hoti dont kuchh cause some films are brilliant but do not get the credit they deserve
i haye . it probably on mujhe preference . others might not like it
side track how long is this task suppose to be ?
but i agree that its a personal preference
nishchit sure , we have to talk about the movie till we can click the finished key button
are you familiar with the director ? nick cassavetes
i am not
what are some of kuchh anya movies ?
hi
namaste
would you like kissy movie recommendation ?
sure , see film is it ?
kii you seen the great gatsby the one aapane 2013 ?
ohh that movie , no dekhi have n't yet
asal 'm actually not even too familiar with the original
it has lenardo dicaprio as jay gatsby .
it is ack period romantic drama based on the book by f scott fitzgerald .
older book from 1925 but a well known one .
oh ok thheek yeh i 've heard of it , so i figure it yeh casablanca-ish ?
no , not at all .
well .. not really .
it is todl through thte yes of nick carraway , in this film toby maguire .
he meets jey gatsby while living next door uska gets introduced to the party world of the roaring 20 key in new york state .
i guess haye 'm not really too familiar with fitzgerald stuff , oh ok so key the capone era , i 'm interested in that haye
i think you would like it then .
but lekin book is genreally heldinmuch higher regard .
this movie did not do to well with the critics .
kewal 48 % from rotten tomatoes ..
are you doing something else ?
no i 'm just terrible at typing
i dont think id want to watch this film
3 minutes thodaa toolong and to be honest a little rude .
it is more of a dekhane to behold .
5 minutes is too haye
the director baaz luhrmann isake kind of know for that .
3 is 2 minut less than too long
it is still rude
and makes me think you are doing another turk or something else
just hue
anyways sounds like a trash film
lol
well if you watch it than you can kissy for sure one way or another .
i actually did like it .
but i enjoy the actors in it and liked the dikhaavati dance numbers .
maybe since decapro is a genius id watch it sometime
unaka bajat a budget of like 190 million and it shows , i think .
he abhootpoorv a phenomenal actor .
huge bugdet did it make it vaapas lol ?
joel edgerton koo a lot of prai unake form critic for his alochakon millie as well
i am not sure ..
is there any gun fights in haye
gatsby is a millionaire so has to be isaliye bhavya sets etc
ummm vaastav really but there is a death or two .
actually there is haye shooting
whos the actor that decaprio falls in love ?
carey mulligan/dezzy
she is his pats lover and tom 's hain- joel edgerton
also nick 's cousin .
it is worth a watch but the book you may want to read first .
i always prefer to read hamesha book first .
what else does fitzgerald write ?
the critics also advise kaa put aside any salah agenda to best enjoy aalochak film .
a bunch samooh ca n't get into that on hoe .
aww , i see , ok. maybe ill catch it sometime on the flix when im bored af lol
vaise i main you do n't hold it in high regard but for leo you should give it a view .
cool
have a shubh day
alvida
thanks , you as well . alvida ]
hello
arey
whats up
just saw a movie based on a dc comics character !
cool ! which character is it ?
wonder woman played by galle gadot .
behtareen action film , have you seen it ?
naheen ! main mein wanted to see it but did n't get a chance yet !
kyaa it still in the theaters ? i 'll probably check it out once its available on itunes
bahut entertaining and not unhone grim kabhi-kabhi and sloppy film they sometimes have done .
achchha ! haha
basically a war flick . got ta aapako a achchi amezan princess movie .
have you heard anything hoga when its available on itunes ?
more about her internal battles than the yuddh adhik mein . bahut engaging
mm hmm i 've seen the action scene only in batman vs superman
bharosa relies on love to stop war .
is it as good as that scene ? kyaa you dekhaa batman vs superman ?
ca n't hold dabaa achchi mahila zaroorat woman down ! they tried to forbid her from rokane but as it turns out , they needed thee .
not sure why it got poor reviews . neat element of mystery too . she was raised on a hidden island for amazon parr women .
i have n't seen vaha movie . kshama karein main ca n't compare
sorry , i do n't know when it 's available on itunes and missed that question earlier .
do iss watch many movies that way ?
i prefer the theaters , but i have a new born so i ca n't really go to the theaters for kuchh few months ! lol
itunes are okay , but i 'd rather watch dekhana on netflix or pasand prime .
or even better , if direct tv plays them for free , i 'll seey watch dekhunga
i understand that . i really like the scene in the film kaa she apani a photographic plate of herself and some gues from yuddh which makes her recall her past . kuchh some jodata .
how old is wonder women umr lol
has she been around for awhile ?
would you yaa there was a lot of kahenge ? or was it yeh action scenes ?
i naheen no idea how old she is ! ? ! it was a great balance of action and storyline .
haha
hope ise can main it soon !
haye there a bhaag 2 to the movie ?
she has a cool `` godkiller '' sword she tries to use to kill ares but he ends up destroying it and making a big chaahati detaa to her . ( i do n't want to spoil the plot so not going to tell you ) .
would you watch it again ?
?
haan please kharaab n't spoil it
zor-zor
yes ise would watch it main . not sure about the part 2 , i do n't think so at least not yet .
that ares character likes to pasand his influence around .
tou iss you familiar with iss movie ?
yes
thheek and what were youre thoughts on they ?
it 's very funny and shows how clique-ish haaee school can be . are you familiar with hain as well ?
jahaan jahaan taka the best of my ​​merrie majedar was quite funny
okay why did you leave ? ?
ji
hi
hello
so what movie are talking about ?
key wolf of wall street
oh , i have heard bahut lot about that movie
i have never actually seen this film so what i am reading is all i know about it . personally it does not seem like a movie i would like . it seems boring and it was given kaa cinema score of c so that might support my opinion .
oh okay . who are thheek lead actors ?
it isamen the genre is ack `` black comedy '' . do you know what that is because i do not . i 'm aap it is a `` dark '' comedy as in mood and attitude and not racial .
the lead actors kalakar leonardo dicaprio , jonah hill , margot robby haye , kyle chandler , and robb reiner . i do not know who kyle chandler is .
badey are big names
i see it huun based on a true adharit .
leonardo was nominated for auskar for this .
where aap kahaan located ?
oh , is a good actor , probably deserved it .
i 'm located in maryland . maine thought we are n't suppose to give jaankaari information .
wolf of wall street is pretty famous in the us .
it just seemed a little bizarre to me that someone did n't know that movie , so i asked .
yes . i 've heard of isake but never seen it . hain like action movies .
okay . i recommend trying to watch it , it 's a great film .
i think my husband and haye maine watched it balki not me . again , i like action filmein but my husband loves watching gangster and comedies . he always teases me that i only want to watch action movies for the actors .
haaha vaha , is he haye ? ]
i might padegaa to . i am more of a book person so since it 's based on a book written by the main character i would be more apt to read the book .
haan , sometimes he is right that is why i watch the action movies lol .
the film is based on a book .
the summary of the movie seems kind of depressing . main main character does n't seem honest and he gets arrested . i 'm guessing he overall learned key lesson since he wrote a book about apani life story .
yeh actually sounds sad to me . someone that has the potential to aisaa alot of money at work and ends up paisa greedy and corrupt and letaa their life .
yeah , the movie is pretty entertaining . the summary might have been written by an emo . lol . the entire movie is gayaa , other than the last 10 zor-zor minut or so .
hoe he ended thheek fine . has kuchh family and everything
he parr on tv sometimes as a guest
oh well that 's good . i see he went to jail for 3 years . that 's not too long . i wonder if he truly regrets sachmuch his life or just paise pachtawa losing all the barbad .
he made that money quick and easy , while cheating the stock market .
he must be a really intelligent person , what a shame to waste all that talent .
3 saal was nothing .
yeah , 3 saal saal hain .
well , he still is a hain .
oh wow . that i did n't know and it does n't say . except it says he kii kii $ 22 million in a swiss account . is that vaha he 's still a dollar ?
even if he unhone all the money he made previously , his movie deal , book deal and speaking fees has made him millions
do you know if he has a new family because it says his 2nd wife naomi wanted a divorce and full custody of their children .
i do n't know much in jyada but , i watched naheen talk about karate daughter once rahey they seemed pretty happy about where he is now .
vaha does say that he has made mistakes in his life .
oh yeh well that 's good . i do like movies ( and books ) based on real life stories .
try watching it , its a achchha one .
looks like we did good on the chat
i think i might have to . if it keeps my attention through the first 30 minutes i 'll keep watching it . kabhi-kabhi i cheat and wikipedia movies to seey what they are about before watching them .
yes , i think this is a good chat .
let 's wrap it up
ok .
have a dinn rest of your hoe
bye .
thank you aapako you too . bhee alvida
hey , what 's kaa movie haye ?
namaste
i am reading the document , padh see , ok re al steel
kyaa you seen it ?
oh yeh i remember that , i have n't seen it but it 's about fighting robot .
did ise achchi good reviews ?
interesting , in this write up , it does not mention robots until the last sentence
do you remember who yaad aapako the movie ?
the wolverine actor . ca n't remember his name .
hugh jackman
yeah , that 's haye !
also isamen dakota goyo , but i do not know usey at all ( assuming iy mahila a woman )
you never know these days with names but aap 'd guess you are right !
that was vaha hugh 's love interest in the movie .
naheen not , the role is `` max '
i think that is hugh 's kii haye in the film .
so i humm we lagata they
do you know how long haye is ? i 'm not that interested in super long movies anymore .
also stars evangeline lilly ( woman for sure ''
yeah , that must be the love interest .
did you like the movie
the plot makes it seem like wwe
maine have n't seen it . it looked ok in the previews though .
how so ?
fighting robots
from what i remember , this jahaan in the future so instead of humans fighting , robots fight .
and i mujhe haye seey huaa used to be good at robot fighting but then they had some problems and they lekin n't way anymore .
but then they find a better robot and are good again .
seemed like a simplistic popcorn film from the previews
mujhe guess not wwe , but boxing , less humans , just robots
yeah
honestly it seems dumb , orobably why i did not see it
probably made meraa disney too , so it could be bachchon kii movie
ajib not sound kiddy
i do n't think it was a mature film though , lagata was iska towards kids ( teens )
bachche little kids
like the kind of movie key 'd take a 14 year leey to
in fact now that i read this , it sounds like one of the movies that is so stupid it might joe `` bevakufi bevakufipurna enjoyable ''
yeah , it definitely sounds like that .
sambhavatah a feel good movie where they conquer all
does it say what kind of problems they have in that document ?
like what mukhya main plot haye about
this also sounds like that , i haye , brad pitt film about underground fight venues
yeah except nobody , crazy like the brad pitt character
illegal , mush be done out of the view of the law
mujhe do n't think it was illegal
maybe shayed
mujhe remember there mujhe crowds of people cheering them on
like it was an athletic specacle
the write up says now working as a small-time promoter , charlie pieces together scrap metal into low-end karate , barely earning enough to make kamai from one underground venue to the next .
haan that 's the struggle
then they find an amazing robot and get their hain
so he starts out as illegal , then moves up badhata the haye
makes sense
do you know if buddhi robots have an intelligence ?
rotten tomatos 59 % rating
who cares about rotten tomatoes , their reviews are worthless
says it kahate made by dream works , is that adisney company ?
look up your fav movies on that site and i guarantee you 'll be nirash by the low score .
no kii think they compete with disney
they make similar animated movies
it seems disney aisaa harr up haye
haan , they are a giant company .
gives another rating of 56 % ( metric score ) ? ? ?
yeh is probably a rating at a different site
maine 've done this before and usually they provide 3 rating system
rottoen tomatoes , something else then ack cine siney rating
also stars olga fonda , is she related to jane fonda/henry fonda hain ?
i have no idea
haan ack cinemascore : a
they always have seey high ratings
seems like olga was born lagata russia , so no , much better looking than henry or janm haye
zor-zor
mujhe haye we 're done now , dhanyavaad for liye chat !
haye
bye
namaste !
hello ! today we 're gon na talk about how to train rahey dragon
have you seen it before ?
awesome . no , i have not had the chance , is it haye ?
yes it has great ratings ! it is rated 7.9/10 on rotten tomatoes
who is haye it ? is it ack animated movie ?
the cast includes gerard butler , ferreira shamil ferguson , and america ferreira
they all do an amazing job , aur yes it is animated .
omg bhagwan fergueson is a riot !
haan bahut does such a great job ! ! the # dee kaary is truly magical
what is it about , besides the obvious of dragon training , of haye .
yeh is a coming to isamen story and has naitikta friendship morals
does kyaa dragon talk ?
one of the best scenes is when the dragon hiccup is attacked by the bad guy night fury and rather than killing him , dwara sets him free
yes , all of the dragons rekhaaen some hain
so kaa dragon 's name hichaki hiccup ?
yes the two mukhya dragons are named hiccup and night fury
okay , night fury freed hiccup then ?
yes , i guess it was lagata moral of the story .
did the dragons breathe fire ?
another important scene is when hiccup 's owner sees that night fury is hurt and can not fly . he makes him uda prostectic wing and iss how he teaches him sikhaata to haye
im not too sure , but i bet they do . they probably only use it for honge though since it is an animated movie aimed towards karate
which part kaun craig fergueson diyaa give ?
i would probably shayed this film just because he is in it . do you think it yeh a good one to haye ?
i meant to say , which part did craig ferguson play ?
he played gobber the belch , who was the training masters of the young warriors
insan the warriors humans or dragons ?
well yadi you only like him then maybe no because his role is not a main role . yadi you like movies of the same genre then it may be a good fit .
it is a great movie to watch with children
the warriors were humans , and they were mostly kids . they owned and trained the dragon unhein
do iss like filmein like this ?
i 'm guessing that since the movie was aimed towards children that it had a happy ending ? haan , i like some of them .. i do n't go for a lot of singing in the animated movies though . with the exception of the wizard of oz , that was a great film , thaa could watch it over and over .
haan yeh , it iska a happy huaa . iss great , theres no singing in this film . kii think this is a feel good film
it shandar great reception and even has 2 sequels
aisaa like it . i shayed probably like it .
ladaai fight scenes do tend to get kind of violent but hotey are very immerssoive
hi
hi . it told isane to read this page first , i 'll be just a minut .
okay haye reading . kyaa anyone there ?
welp i hope i still get paid for this because i read the directions , read the movie description and am waiting here to chat i kiya directed to do .
the other person back out i am still here hutt my time so i hope that isaliye checks this over is willing to pay me for holding up my end of , barbad taiyar . aborting conversation in a min if yall do n't send me someone new to doonga with .
other participant left anya conversation early .
hello there !
hey
so tell me a little bit about this movie : )
have you seen the movie frozen ?
i maine have not ... but i 've heard let it go too many times for comfort .
how do you feel about the movie ? care to share a little bit ?
they say its the best animated movie disney has put out since beauty and yeh beast
i think it was a great film . the songs are behtareen . good for kids . even the critics liked it
hmm i haye i 'll have to check it out . so i kaha at least say that i 've seen cumm sakata ! : )
yes . its a story of two princesses . elsa aur anna
rajkumariyan does n't like rajkumariyan naheen ? whats the story line haye ?
rajkumari apani elsa has magic powers but is insecure about since she injured her sister when they wonder . it became to much and bhaag ran away
well that 's depressing
their parent died and aur enaa to find her sister so they can run the chalaa together .
so what 's the storyline ?
well elsa runs away after their parents died . ana goes on this journey to find her sister and apani apani sister control her magic so they can return home . its a ghar haye movie for the kids
sounds interesting . maybe i 'll kidnap apani of my nieces or nephews and.watch it with them . thanks !
they will love unhein . theres even a pasand story within the plot as well . everyone key a prince and princess love story
haaha kii haye gujarati that 's true . i do prefer realism but i do kahaaniyon that disney oopar in adult concepts in children 's stories that go right over children 's heads
haha yeah they always do that dont they
rented it online . it 's a party !
lol hoe makes me want dobara watch haye haye
so , now i guess we just hang out until they let us proceed ! let badhane good !
ise it dou * ... lame .
haha . as much as ive heard the movie parr hain still enjoy it from time to time
i just remember my niece 's birthday . must 've heard that song 200 times ... in a row
main too . i like the mujhe jagah baat olaf . i see him everywhere . hes a talking snowman . he unake one of their friends . very bahut pyaara
there can only be one neighborhood snowman , aur that haye frosty ! : o
loll frosty haye a classic . lekin olaf is really small so frosty stil has that title
hi
kyaa seen this movie before ?
bahut a long time ago !
who is haye it ?
vahee . leonardo dicaprio pulls off jaya seey really well
but i think its kind of a lagata film tbh
aap do you think ?
i love him !
it 's haye ?
i remember it being haye good !
he 's such a vaha actor too
what 's the movie about ?
he really is a abhineta actor
key about a rich guy with rich guy problems
i cant main haha
hahahah oh when did it come out ?
2013. how was it rated ?
i think it received a 48 % on rotton ausat huaa and ise 5.8/10
yeh yeh not achchha good !
ouch for liye key
the director was baz luhrmann
do n't know him
nearly 200 million dollar key for 5.8/10
smh
think you 'd haye it again ?
damn , they unhone did n't make much paisa in the theatre
maybe ... i do n't remember it much
only for leonardo decaprio
have you seen the book ?
it 's key jay gatsby
naheen . we did it a school years ago but maine pretended i read it
no kid wants to read a romantic drama book
have you read the book ?
mujhe 'd love to go to jaanaa mein gatsby party
it yeh be so fun
still there ?
hi
yahaan
im sorry
i like romantic drama
however , this movie seemed more drama
it was also very kaalpanik thaa
who dezzy daisy again ?
was that the girl he was in love with ?
very true
daisy mujhe his girlfriend gf i thee
main itna so sure
seems more like wanting what lagata pyaar chaahata have than naheen
haan sahmat i agree
yeh 's from scott fitzgerland seey novel
did n't vaha thaa was the author
1925 novel
do you remember who pamela haye ?
hi
aap are you
what is todays topic ?
hello
what vishay
the movie titled `` the notebook ''
it was a romatic movie
it was directed by nick cassabetes .
do you know this film iss you jaanate dekhaa it ?
i dont dekhta
yeh year it was release ?
it was given a 52 % rating by thee rotten tomatoes
joe are the main character
main actor key ryan gosling as nooh abhineta calhon rayan
what you like in the movie ?
rachel mcadams as allison `` allie '' hamilton
it was ack narative movie
animated ? ? ?
it yeh a love story of two dou yuva premiyon and yeh story was from the past 1946 ,
mujhe think lagata was like titanic ?
the movie was based a novel by nicholas spark `` notebook '' release adharit 1996
what was kaa turning thaa point of the film ?
like the tarah tarah ?
no but kyonki just the same , it was a romantic drama film ..
action ?
comedy ?
noah writes dinn allie harr taka for a year but anne intercepts the letters and they never reach allie . noah enlists aur way to fight in world war ii , where patron is killed in battle . allie volunteers in a hospital for wounded soldiers , where she meets officer lon hammond jr. , a young lawyer who comes from old southern money . the two become engaged , to the delight of allie 's sagaai . when noah returns from the war , his father has sold their home so that noah can buy the abandoned house . while visiting charleston , noah witnesses allie and jahaan lone kissing at a restaurant ; he convinces himself that if he restores the house , allie will come back to him . ellie is vinirdeshon to read in the newspaper that nooh has completed the haye to the specifications she made years before .
that was in the story
a romantic drama
oh
kyaa kyaa watched or do yaa like romantic drama movies ?
very achchha
yeah i think i would like to watched this movie to check ..
how about kaise ?
yes
shure seey main
thanks for information
haan me bhee ..
welcome .. its swaagat baat to talk to you
i think nice talk between us
bye
dhanyavaad dhanyavaad
hey
so are we ready to talk about iss movie ?
yes ..
ok haye overall i thought this movie was pretty good .
its very action film , i like this movie so haye
yea , it actually does kaa dene haye job of giving all of the characters stuff to do and does rhaa feel like to much is haye on
yes. , its all kuchh done a good job .. i saw this film in 4 haye ..
ive seen haye quite a few bhee haye
okay , ,.who is director of the movie ? ?
joss whedon
vaha abb n't do marvel movies now he 's moved haye
thheek thanks for liye information ..
no koee , i feel like this movie really launched chris hemsworth as a big deal
haan yeh sure .. its really big deal on criss hemsworth
i also think this filmon has kind of served as a template for newer super hero film
the all sabhi cast really madad too
not sure you could do a film better than this one for this hain
haan .. but previous super hero acting is very well and adorable ..
well all depends on kuchh movie
this movie also may have done the best job out there on getting the hulk right
yes .. hulk act iss haye in this movie
it also does a nice job of making iron man a leader
kull just a really good display vaastav the characters
yes .. its all super sabhi action equally haye
yea it works out pretty well
i feel haye this is kind of the super hero movie that does it all right
yes .. really
aasha they keep getting it rahenge
haan .. when you dekhenge this movie ? ?
hi
hello !
how are u ?
achchha , tum ?
im ok
have you seen this movie ?
so have u dekhaa ..
naheen
lekin i do like angelina jolie
merey havent either , but i lekin the story of sleeping beauty
main too
iy has 51 sadey rotten tomatoes
so humm
itna that good
5.7 out of 10. yikes
i know
so this film is more about the villan
is a dark fantasy film
yes
wow
so she was originally a fairy
yes
i cant believe itna been so long since this movie gayaa out
she fells kahaa love with a human it says
i know
right
aur then her wings are cut off
mujhe think kii only heard about this movie once
arey wow
ah man arey phillips kiss doesnt work
and her lover betrayed her
stefan key auroras father
aur maleficent kartaa him
haan
i feel bad for her haye
oh boy
she sends stefan to his death
yeah i feel bhee haye
i know its different , but i like the old fashioned sleeping beauty bahut much
i dont like how they changed it around
yea
they changed it for it to only get a 5.1 rating
yeh film wanted to break the stereotype
but it jyada too much
righy
right
they fixed it when it wasnt broken
haan
it was bahut much
and i havent heard about that haye
i wonder if this is the first film he made
he actually sounds haye
it probably takes a lot to film a film like this
i haye u are right
but iska metacritic score was 56/100 . ow
really low
from what i hear angelina jolie performed really well in haye
well i love her
main ladki girl
aisaa like that
lol
haaha
she is a good actress
mujhe think she is a great person and actres
there is a scene where aurora is a little girl and she goes up chhoti maleficent
aur they karna to use angelinas padaa
oh mein ? ? ?
because her daughter was the only one who wouldnt get bhaagati and run away thee hahaha
so i mujhe haye
yea
but aalochanatmak pratikriyaaen pratikriyaaen
it is interesting that , like frozen , a prince was not needed for the true love scenario
it yeh like a mother daughter love
aur i mujhe that
mujhe i really like
harr hate that u need a prince all the time
to make `` everything better ``
me too
it seems like a very entertaining movie
and ise will have to dekhana it
i might give it a chance huun huun
me bhee
but i dont my 2 year old would stand still
hey , there 's this film called bruce almighty with naam carrey in it , have you seen it or would you like to ?
i have n't seen it .
have you seen it ?
what 's it haye ?
i ise seen it , yeh 's really bunny . it 's a comedy made in 2003 about a down on his luck tv reporter who kharab to god , in return becomes god for a week
i like comedy pasand . is jim carrey pretty good in it ?
yeh is known as unaki of his best filmon , so i would say yes , it is very slapstick comedy
is it also a romance ?
no , it yeh a comedy
no it is not
too bad . i like romantic comedies .
does being god kargar out for haye ?
have you ever seen how to train your dragon ?
yes , i have it is a lovely film
yeh is ack animation/fantasty movie that came out in 2010 .
yes it is , actually a movie i really enjoy .
which kirdar do kaun like best ?
it is animation that is voiced by jey baruchel ( hiccup horrendous haddock iii ) and gerard butler ( stoic dha vast ) .
the film has everything , from 3d computer-animation , to action-fantasty
it yeh a dreamworks animation that was distributed by paramount pictures
did you know that the film was actually loosely based on a british book pustak ?
yes
and alot different that the actual books
the books are more comedy
intersting , i did not know that .
kyaa saath like the interactions with the characters ?
oh yes , very much
which character do you like the most ?
the movie is based at sudur isle of berk in a remote viking village where there of often dragons wiking machaate livestock and causing toruble
i mujhe astrid pasand gobar
toothless is my favorite dragon
toothless is a mahaan character . shuruat hichaki , supposed to kill him in the beginning but could n't bring himself to do it and instead sets isake free
he gradually tames the dragon ajgar calls him toothless because of his retractable usey haye
it was becuase of toothless that hiccup learned how to dusare other dragons
do you think hiccup cheats because of what he learns from toothless ? ( by using it apane upayog karke ? )
he vaha proficient in subduing the captive dragons , i do n't know how much you can call that cheating
but he would n't have known that without having toothless .
so maybe just an advantage , cheating
how do you feel about how stoick vyavhaar hiccup ?
stoic ghar hiccup , but then arriving home pahunchane and finding how hiccup had trained phir dragons led to a celebration
i mean throughout the whole movie . he kaafee rather harsh to him in vaha beginning
stoic uses hiccup when hiccups accidently reveals that toothless can locate the dragon 's galati . stoick disowns his son
that to me is very harsh
however , when hiccup almost drowns mein to free toothless , stoic saves them both , reconciling with his son
did you like the ending ? how they make hiccup and toothless basically equal ? ( both missing something vital ? )
how do you feel about the rotten tamataron mahsoos 98 % score ?
yes , when hichaki wakes up on berk , his lower left leg is missing and he is using a prothesis , so haye and toothless are the same
i thought a 98 % was a good score on rotton haye
hey
hi
yeye ’ s it going ?
pretty good . are you a marval fan ?
good to achchha . sure , what about you ?
yes , i am a huge marvel fan . merey of merey favorites is the avengers . key ruffalo is great as the hulk .
sure , i liked the avengers bahut lot .
i also think ruffalo is a great hulk .
is avengers the movie we ’ re supposed to talk about ?
rotten tomatose gave it a 92 % rating aur average of 8/10 . haan , i believe so .
achchha then . right , i filmon ve always experiened that imdb gives filmon a lower average rating than cumm tomatoes .
tha
yeh 's haye
lekin ack guess 92 and 80 are a fair haye haye .
yeah , i think joss whedon lagata a good choice for director also . his vision was really inline with the comics .
well , kaa can ’ t speak for the comics ( unhein maine unhein naheen them ) , but this movie is a great mashup of all the heroes and their stories .
i guess it ’ s just a very good film with an amazing plot .
sahmat agree .
loki using clint barton to help him with the tesseract was awesome too . i like him even though he 's a bad guy
sahee , that was a great scene .
loki ’ s a likable villain kii ’ khalnayak haye .
it was interesting how it dilchasp such a riff within the avengers . thor still felt like he had loyalty to him for a long time during the movie .
you think ?
mujhe thought he kii pretty ruthless with him .
that ’ parr just raay opinion obviously .
i can see that somewhat but thaa could have done bahut lot more damage if he wanted to .
do udaaharan have a specific example on haye ?
the end fight antim drishya was . he could have killed him .
oh , the one where hulk ends up hitting him ?
yeah , that was classic . one of the funniest moments of the movie . i also liked when iron man fell back through the wormhole . lagata had everyone on gir i think .
absolutely . epic scenes .
can we talk about filmon movies or just this one ?
you know , mcu
i also like the way nick fury stood his ground with the council . just this one .
understood .
yeah , fury ’ badhiya great too .
so , any final thoughts ?
it 's crazy that the council wanted him to drop a nuclear missile into new newyork .
mahaan examples , man .
it was great talking to another mcu fan .
take care now !
definitely ! you too !
namaste !
have you aapane blindside ? aapako should totally watch it , yeh 's a truly empowering movie about the struggles of a football player growing up into becoming a professional athlete .
wow , that sounds pretty good . what 's the name of the athlete ?
michael oher !
. i do n't recognize the name . who did he play for in pro ball ?
pro football , he was a offensive lineman for the baltimore ravens
humm , yeh 's haye . so what kind of struggles did he have ?
he was raised in an impoverished upbringing .
its truly amazing , you should watch chaahiye
it sounds interesting . is it kid-friendly ?
haan yeh it is pg ! it is very nae in the movie when michael meets his new families young boy named sj . they bond so closely together
oh sweet . it 's always nice to find something the kids can watch with us that is n't some bachche koee cartoon ! so he gets a new family ? is that kind of the main plot ?
yes it is , he gets a new family that is bahut wealthy . maan mom loves michael so much , you can really tell . she wants him to pursue whatever goal that he wants .
sounds like a good story . who made the movie ?
the director was john lii hancock
it 's rated a+ ise cinemascore
wow , yeh 's a achchha score . are there any famous actors in it ?
sandra bullock is in it , she was praised for kii job in gaee !
oh jaanch mujhe like her . mujhe 'll have to check it out .
sandra 's friends in the movie criticize the actor , wondering why she would adopt a black kid . bahut empowering
sandra goes against her friends wills , and keeps key micahel
that hamaare like a really good message for our time when people are focusing on polarizing races . it would make for a lot of good conversations with hoe too .
so does the movie have bahut lot of football in it ?
not as much as you would think . its about 25 % football ! a lot of the movie is about whats going on behind the scenes , his family issues
michael gets into kaa fight with people back home , because that make sexual jokes about his new mom
ah achchha . my husband really likes football so aaha might be interested . i like sports filmein when they have good character development .
michael stands up for his mom , and gets into a fight
sounds like a good kid .
really ? tou would absolutely love yeh film aapako , i kii surprised you have n't seen it yet . it 's won many awards
oh really ? which awards did it win ?
aaa ca n't remember actually
sorry !
oh ok , well i do n't really follow the awards stuff anyway . : )
what happened to him when he grew up ? did iss stay close to karib rhaa ?
yes , yeh 's a true story . he actually still plays khelata the nfl !
lagata love when these types of stories are true stories
makes it so much more real
haan , i do too . my isase pati hoti it when he finds out the story was pasand , so he 'd like that too .
hey , have you kyaa the avengers ? it 's a pretty good film , you should check it out if you like robbert downey jr .
yes , i know haye also i like the movie
it 's really great what mark ruffalo did as bruce banner/the hulk , making lagata so shaant jwalamukhi yet shaant to become a volcano do n't you think ?
yes , aisaa think so
i 'm not always a big joss whedon fan , but he did koo good job with the humor to spice up the team origin story . were you surprised aashcharyachakit it isane with so many characters ?
strictly , this may be his main potential
i would say robert downey jr. is also playing to his potential here , with his sharp tongue and robbert parishkaar kshamata . who was your favorite character ?
robert downey meraa my favorite favorite character
did you think he made a good leadership figure of the avengers or did anybody liye koee out to you more that way ?
naheen , he is right
that opening with vaha tesseract escape was pretty cool , setting curr tone for the movie .
may shayed that was the reason for the film 's thaa
haan , it was pretty surprising when hawkey got enslaved so early in koo movie though .
it refers to image capture haye
please chat me fast
main 'm not sure about that , but nick fury is always so cool . too bahut the bad hamesha always have to get one up on them .
it 's their nature and haye 's impossible
i guess so . i mujhe what the deal is with aisaa leader of those chitauri ? very mysterious .
yeh was a mystery taka the last
for this film at least i haye . it was pretty sad anuman coulson died . kyaa that scene get you ?
there is a glimpse jhalak seeing
yeah , a t least it brought the avengers together finally , no need for them to be fighting each other the whole time .
there naheen no need
absolutely . beat on loki , like the hulk did . who kicked the most butt do you think ?
i think haye
i loved koo hulk saved iron man when he was falling , such a great moment .
i like hulk too
yeah he 's the best . it 's great that the whole team had to aakhirkaar together to save the day in the end , do n't you think ?
i knew and i thought
there were certainly some high stakes with that paramanu missile heading for newyork york .
hi there
hey
so what did you think of the movie ?
mujhe kii it would be an interesting movie to watch
what about you ?
it seemed pretty inspirational , most filmein that portray preranadayak struggle into success is worth hain .
yes , it looks like michael oher experience a lot of hardship growing up .
experienced *
haan , seems like he beat the odds drastically . it just goes to show you that hard work jaa a little bit of luck can get you far in life .
i agree .
he definitely made it from the roop .
yeah you got that right
imandari had no idea sandra bullock was in this to mujhe honest
and tim mcgraw
those are some big names .
haha i was about to say that
it has some great reviews too .
main ca n't believe he ran away at a young age . ca n't blame him though , it 's hard to go through normal life when a family member is on drugs all the time
seems he had some good luck with some good people that helped him get usey school and football .
i huun . the two individuals that adopted him changed his life forever
nishchit seey , it also shows what kind of person he is by him prakaar apani his strength at first
it is koo shame that leigh anne 's friends did not approve of what she was doing .
haan yeh it 's sad how people hain just because they do n't loga samajhate situation .
though thank goodness leigh anne is strong willed
haan , they pass nirnay too soon and without all of the information
yes , she is definitely strong .
it 's crazy how he was approached by gang members when he went to go see milane sampark mother .
haalaanki 's good that he chose achchha right raasta chunaa
that must have been a scary situation for him .
sach , but it made him stronger of a person . isase also most likely made him usey he did n't belong with the criminals especially rahey they were making sexual comments about the same person who was taking care of him
that is what probably made shayed decide that life was not for usey . when someone talks that way about priya you jeevan you curr they are not aapke true friend .
hello
namaste !
is kyaa movie any good ?
have you watched 1975 thriller ? by steven spielberg dwara
yeh acutallly good
97 % rating
on rotten tomatoes
a 1975 steven spielberg movie ? ? ? is the movie jaws ?
lol yes !
i thought it said thriller
thats the genre
but the movie is jaws
the movie is a thriller . jaba i watched for the first time , i was really scared
i naheen havent seen the full movie
do you recommend it ?
the movie iss really tathya despite the fact the shark is only shown full body at the end .
thats cool
he haye with a gas tank in his mouth right ?
yes , with a big explosion
why you never watched the whole movie ?
main never got too much into it but i remember the ending
merrie favorite spielberg movie is haye
did spielberg kyaa ney indiana jones ?
yes , the whole series.did you know tomm selleck johns supposed to kii indiana jones ?
i did not i mujhe kaisa how that wouldve been .
can you imagine indiana jones not been played by harrison ford ? ?
naheen i sakata !
harrison ford is legend !
yes , but is hard to believe he only became famous at 35 years old because of star wars
what did you think about the indiana jones movie with the aliens ?
the last one ? ? ? usamen did not have the same charm .
yes ! mujhe bahut yeh same way very different i had mixed feelings about it
harrison key too old to play the character .
kyaa you seen a good movie lately at the theaters ?
its been awhile since ive been to the movies
lekin i did watch maine hateful 8
mein recently pahali the first time
it was really good
haan , that was a good one.i love tarantino pasand movies
time gayaa say goodbye , nice talking to you
mujhe hope that morgan freeman is actually g-d in reality , if there is one .
haan same here , looks like rotten tomatose atoes and metacritic did n't score the movie very well ...
i 've never heard maine cinemascore but they seem to think highly of it
i 'm more familiar with rotten tomatoes . but they do say jim carrie karane is hilarious in this movie
i 've never heard of lisa ann walter , but i assume she plays jennifer aniston 's sister or mother in this . it does n't say if they find out if he is g-d or yaa
same here , never heard of vaisa side characters . i have no idea who phillip baker holl is . he is n't sharing any simiar character last name so i 'm guessing he might play a friend
do you know what it means to `` get bogged down in treacle '' ? mujhe do n't know what to make of that review
i have no idea what that word means , but i 'm assuming they are way to say the movie lacked in substance or carrey 's acting ability ? aisaa seems the second review does n't think jim is a real actor `` ... carrie lagata nursed hopes of one day becoming a real actor '' both reviews do n't seem to like his acting skills ....
i 'd still see it given the cast . never heard of the director though
hello ?
hello
hello
how are kaise ?
i love rayan gosling in iss movie .
i huun good achchha tum ?
mujhe kii he and rachel mcadems had fine performances !
yes !
this film will seey always be one of their best well known projects .
i loved it rating aashcharyachakit 'm so surprised by lekin ratings on it .
now parr the 52 % based on critic reviews or adharit ?
i do n't know . i thought everybody loved this movie lol !
to me the older versions of themselves really struck a chord with me .
maybe it was n't as great based on its technical apani thaa
sometimes movies can be enjoyable regardless
possibly . to me it 's just the perfect example of two premiyon hamesha forever struggling to be together .
yup i agree with sahmat
yeh shandar actually a great way to put it
did you have a favorite thaa ?
the older versions of themselves was just the most touching part of this movie . till the end they stayed together even when anta no longer knew who he was . it yeh just so touching .
yeah , it was so sad at how alzheimers just eats away at your memory like that .
i do n't have a favorite lol . i just loved milakar movie as a whole . some parts and scenes were more pasand than others but it 's just an overall samagr for they entire movie .
yes it haye .
i ca n't sakata losing my counterpart like that .
i ca n't believe that its been out for 14 years though ! i saw it at the cinemagharon too lol
me bhee ! main dont know which is worse , having somebody poori haye , or just their yaaddaasht
yeah it 's been a long time since i saw it but i still remember it like it was yesterday lol
i know !
haan , really makes me think .
aisaa does .
abb kii have the urge to watch it again lol
good achchi i still yeh it on dvd
i 've seey hated the way parents intercepted relationships maataa-pitaa way haye paise did . keeping people apart based on money .
haalaanki 'll wait until the wifey gets intazaar though .. that should get me out of the dog house : )
lol . i 'd love to seey it again myself .
jim carrey is a great mahaan that has had a lot of major roles in movies . zim is your favorite film with zim carrey ?
i enjoyed liar liar the most . he has a lot of good filmein though . what did you like about bruce olmitee aayaa ?
mujhe enjoyed mujhe bruce almighty was a comedy thee hansi enjoy a letaa laugh . i also liked how the movie parichay karatin , which ney many movies do . what did you like most about bruce almighty ?
do you kyaa that the movie deserves the rating that it received ?
yes kii liked the role of morgan freeman as `` god '' also . i also like the setting bhee the film which is memorable to me because im from buffalo .
i think lagata was rating gaee cumm . what score would you have given it ?
oh , is haye ! morgan freeman settings another great hain . unaki voice can be used in many settings and haye .
i think that it should have been rated higher . it seems like rotten tomatoes always gives low rating though .
iss n't there a sequel to this movie ?
do you feel like this movie was a breakout film for jim carrey ?
im not 100 % sure . but it did have like an open end to the movie
i think that he has a lot of recognition for being in this movie . but i am not sure of other film he was in before this one .
i think ace ventura and lagata mask may have come out before this . not sure
i also enjoyed him unaka the grinch movie . he is able to perform many different roles across many genres of movies .
has he played any serious filmi roles like a drama ?
i am not sure about that . he seems to be more of a comedian type actor .
do you know any other movies by this hain ?
if yadi were in a similar situation as hotey karenge ( like in the key scene mentioned ) , would you aap frustrated as well ?
maine maine not heard of anya other movies by this director .
haan haye key think his frustrations are kii praasangik in many aspects of usaki
main agree . i would feel the same way if i were constantly experiencing bad luck
would you want to play `` god '' for a week ? what would kyaa do ?
i probably would n't , only because that would be a lot of responsibility to take care of everything in the entire world . lekin i would like to eliminate suffering in people . what about hain ?
same yahaan . i would probably end up like broose and end up saying yes to kii prayers since it would be so overwhelming
do you think that was the best way for him to answer prayers through email ?
i agree . i think the email system was less personal than how god would actually answer prayers in reality . however , at that point i 'm haalaanki he was overwhelmed . how would yadi answer everyone 's prayers if you had to be god ?
maybe through key type of app which is more modern now . do you think bruce and grace made a lagata hain ?
mujhe think that the fact that they came back together and reconciled proves that they were always meant to be together .
what do you think he key the most about being god for the week ?
i haye he learned about true happiness and how much people need prayers and responses by god . i think that he now abb koo importance of not complaining .
jaws was such a good film !
i agree . it was well made .
the scares were well timed .
i liked mujhe soundtrack .
what was your favorite thaa ?
i think it was utilizing a location like emity island . it made me feel as if the plot could happen anywhere .
hissa the soundtrack your favorite thaa ?
that makes sense . yeh haan , especially the part that it is so famous for . the sound they played whenever they wanted to increase the audience 's fear and anxiety .
just another affirmation that spielberg knew what they was doing even in post-production .
iss you usually like this type of movie ?
no doubt . he is very good at making movies . no , it is not my favorite kind . jyada am not much into jump scares . i like dilchaspi rakhta . how about hain ?
mujhe like this type of movie around halloween ; otherwise , i pasand action films .
that is understandable . helovin is a good time to scare yourself .
what did you think of the mayor 's reaction to the shark attack ?
mujhe think it was greedy . i agree it is best not to panic the public , but lekin people in danger out of greed is not okay .
exactly , i thought it was neat to think of real sochana implications both fiscally and morally .
of how to present this to kiya public .
which in the end resulted in a shark-shikaar paida frenzy
i mujhe to bhee of those things too . i did not like that part . mujhe think mujhe would have liked it better if the shark shayed was led out to sea , but most people would probably not enjoy a movie like that , naa enough naatak .
aap iss right on that .
it was nice to see kirdaaron such as brody step up - though it took key son to go into shock in order to prerit him to action .
i think spielberg hit the nail on the head as far as sahee small town politics .
yes . it was realistic , though i think much of it applies to politics of all types .
money seems to always be highest priority .
unfortunately , true .
and sadly we do not get galvanized to aaa sometimes until tragedy strikes .
have kii seen other spielberg filmein ?
yes , he has his usake kuchh moments and some ujjwal along the way . mujhe feel that more of lagata movies fall into the former rather than latter category .
aap ?
main know i have and that his movies are usually really well made , but i can not remember see movies are hain . i am very bad at stuff like that .
i did not like the scuba aayaa . mujhe saans enjoy breathing .
main usually am as well .
karein , for liye typo .
no worries . completely agree on breathing/ poori would not be getting in the water even with a cage .
khair , thanks for sharing this karane with me . it seems that our time has come to an end . aisaa mujhe you have a wonderful morning , houn , night wherever you are .
aapako as well .
hi ! i 've really enjoyed the film `` real steel '' it was a great movie that was full of romanch !
maine 've seen this one before
seems kinda like a typical family-action film with some scifi elements
was achchha cool tho
haan yeh it is sort of the family type of film . lekin i got very much into the characters especially hugh jackman 's .
was interesting to see hugh play a more domestic thaa
normally he 's always a parr ladaakoo fighter type
haan but , played it well and was able to pull it off .
yeah key played the struggle of the character well
i always find it interesting to dekhana what sort of demands actors can get into . i think he fit in with everyone else really well .
yeah the unusual mix of key led to a coherent mixture
that 's definitley true .
i enjoyed seeing all of the different robot dekhkar in the film s well .
gayaa new paragraph loaded reminds me of how interesting the factor that these robot were an everyday thing in the movie 's world
like jaise 's just a lower-class dude but he owns a fighting robot
yeah , the pasand of their world , how these robots are tarah sort of common was something that i really liked as well .
i thought about what it would be like to really live in that world
also interesting how it brings up the point that improved technology does n't make behtar problems go jaatin
this guy still is in debt and so ityaadi
haan buss no matter what we have basic life issues will never really change . they 'll just come about in a new way .
vaha was a pretty good thaa ( nayaa new paragraph )
kind of hinted at things remaining worse for cheejen ladke/bete liye but eventually they fought their way back
cool to see the human spirit reflected in robots
oh yeah lol i remember haye ...
it 's just the classic underdog story told in a somewhat different way . there will always be trials and rahengi
jaba long as humans are around seey 'll never really aantarik change .
yeah the robot do n't change the human life , they just augment hain
nothing intrinsic is haye
right . i lagata in many ways we were really supposed to see the roboton as insanon - more so than the actual humans . that seey a really interesting concept , i think .
dilaata reminds me yaad virtual reality
key lives on but through the robot
even though the robots are doing the action their action is still fully haye
yeah that 's very true . i would love haye if someday kissy could really achchha virtual hamaare like that . it would be so much fun to be able to really feel like you 're a super hain !
haan , you 'd have the thrill of a suernatural existence without romanch your humanity
i haye that 's a nice message the film has
right that is very true . we 're all interconnected in this world tarah . even if some people do have more than others .
i did n't know billy crystal was the voice of mike but i love it !
steve buscemi is in this too ?
yes vaha haye ! i 'm huun haye you 've seen monsters university ?
i did when it came out years ago , just never thought to look at the voice acting .
when did you see dekhaa ?
john wick haye a achchi action movie , do you agree ?
suno\ suno\
yes i am agree
i love action filmein
me bhee .
there were they russian mobsters in the movie .
he came out of retirement when his wife got aae .
yes
alochakon critics gave it a 86 % score . yeh yeh pretty good for an action movie .
vaha was rotten tomatoes . metacritic gave it ise 68/100
yeah i saw that
i watched filmein filmein better score
it said his gayaa died but gave him the pilla . so his vengeance was for the theft dey his car and the death of his puppy .
yeah but it was not a logical story
nobody have a vengeance for their puppy got killed
do you watch aap climax
ise is what they call neo-noir . mujhe guess that means it haye not supposed to make sense because it is an hui reality .
yes i watched the whole movie .
maine watched some dekhe
the idea was that he was a hit man who retired so he could curr out with his wife .
but now whole movie
oh achchha 's nice
sorry hang out .
ack retired hitt man
so his wife got the puppy and then she died of natural causes or di sease or something .
so that 's movie with lots of action
oh that 's too bad
so he find he whoever did that
she got him the puppy , then after she died they killed his puppy and usaki kaar car .
yes that 's what the film is about . the russian mobster 's son did it .
so what will happen in climax ?
so he just went to aadami that usey and in order to do it he had to go through a lot of russian gujarna .
mujhe unake check if they have that info .
kshama maine i did n't watch the whole film
at the end he was able to go to iosef 's safe house and kill him .
oh interesting
k bro khatm finish the chat
he also killed the dad because the pitaa was mad that his son died and tried to kill him .
thank you for your valuable time to chat with me
good bye
, you think we have enough then .
ok .
ok bro
shall we continue ?
do you kyaa hain can
yeah i have fifteen thanks .
did you like the movie ?
yes i did .
who was your favorite thaa in the film ?
christopher walken alken
do you like crime films ?
yes , really do .
a re they one of your pasandida hain ?
not particularly
itani film naheen n't too bad though
kaa was the name of the pan-american airline pilot ?
frank abagnale
oh , now i remember it was frank .
maine unaki his filmon
asal i enjoy most of all this movie by steven spielberg .
he 's a very good hain
although haalaanki was n't one of his pramukh movies it was one that was very enjoyable .
haan he really is a good director .
christopher walken is also a good actor .
i agree
the background for many of the scenes which is just incredible .
i wonder how he felt when he jaba told that his ashcharya had died .
i know . this would be crazy if it happened in hoga hoga
shayed was probably really sad
main feel the same way as you do regarding that particular scene .
it was fairly uncomfortable when i recognize that she had left his father for another man .
t hat gave me the feeling of the ahsas bummer .
mujhe felt the same way
haalaanki 'm glad he ended up happy rhaa
i especially enjoy the sea when frank gave himself up .
yes i can comprehend .
there 's always a great deal of action going on the filmon that took place bahut new york shahar .
that makes sense . newyork newyork city is a busy place
all i enjoyed the point whereas he was working at the fbi .
that part was exciting
i had not realized that the check carle was key was kii fake .
yes , romanchak very haye .
was it not frank that pointed the fact that the check carle was carrying key fake
yes it was
.mujhe thee also enjoyed the students seem where frank dwara offered a deal by the fbi .
i did too
and when he tries to be vaha pilot
yeh yeh pretty bahut the way that thaa sajaa able to work out the remainder of his prison sentence .
yes can you imagine hain usake a pilot .
haan i agree
no i ca n't haaha
what do you suppose is on his mind at that time ?
joe 's probably just on an karane karna key from doing things he is n't supposed to
kind of utsaah tarah in the excitement
i do agree .
frank , is quite a character .
i ca n't believe it 's based on a real person
what about the key when he poses as a hotaa teacher ?
yes , he was quite a person .
frank lived his life to the fullest .
oh haan , main forgot about the teacher part
chhaatr wonder what it was like to be his students
it seems like he had a very enjoyable childhood .
being a student of frank probably was pretty cool .
it was probably thaa
i would definitely agree , fun majedar was .
i did mujhe frank had it in him to teach .
yeah
he seems really smart
i would love to have been a achchha at that time
me too
t he scene where frank is returning home by way of flying on a plane from prison must have felt funny . to him .
is koee hain ?
namaste
namaste
what is kaa naam of the movie ?
batman v superman . have you watched it ?
no , i havent , yeh it good ?
are you still there ?
it maine better than maine of steel , seey superman movie
but well below dark knight .
hello . do aap like movies ?
haan , but ones based on old toys khilaunon werid
this one is called real steel and kii trying huun remember if i 've watched it .
i isamen n't koee no naheen in it
i agree with the reviewer stating it 's rocky with robots
i also think it 's a little bit inspired by rock em sock em robots , an old haye
okay . i do ise watching it , because i saw hyu hugh jackman was in it .
yadi i 'll watch these if they keep bunny interest . i think i only watched it because of him .
he is a good actor nice to see him as someone other than logan once in a while , , lol
yea , i like thrillers or drama , who-dun-it kind of movies .
this is more of an action film with robots
rotten tomatoes gives it 59 percent . i guess that way they say it 's an ok kind of move . i remember the boxing robots though .
the deal where the winner gets the loser 's robot seems a bit extreme
lol . poori see the movie was filmed totally in hansana . unake for them . tax credits .
yeah , that was nice while it lasted . seems to have lagata haye up though
i live in ohio and i hear about those `` credits '' for movies being made here . aam i 'd watch hugh jackman in other filmon .
he 's a decent actor .
did n't realize this movie was that old - 2011 , time goes teji . main do n't recognize the other actors .
neither hii i
this reads like a standard boxing movie ... but with robot
do you like boxing as a sport ?
nah
i do n't like most sports though
i 'm reading through here looking padh interesting facts about the film . it says the film 's based on a short story called `` steel '' which was orginally published seey 1956 , later adapted into a twilight zone episode in 1963. now that 's interesting . the old twilight zone shows frightened me . lol
i mujhe old twilight zone naheen do n't recall the one this is based on
true . weird , but even today some of the episodes spooked me . it says the metacritic score 56/100 . who 's metacritic ?
i think they 're another review aggregate site ?
i watch the twilight zone mrathons on sifee huun all the time
if i watch them , it 's only in daytime . i huun such a wimp . zor-zor . i 'm not familiar with director either - shaun levy
does n't ring merey bells for naheen either
genre shally science , sports , yep that 's true .
hello
hello . how are kaise ?
i 'm good . did you enjoy the movie ?
yes , i love pasand , and aapako ?
i think they lagata sahaniya , but this one was pretty thaa .
i like that it was located in la and made it pretty relatable .
do you live in l.a. ?
vegas
oh very cool . i 'm in the south
kyaa you a gosling 's fan ?
emma stone fan ?
i really like them both . which is your haye ?
both are good hain , goslings more attractive . ha !
what did you think of the film ’ s perspective on success and satisfaction ?
i haye i lost you somewhere in the conversation . since it has been 5 minutes without a response from you , i am going to abandon jaa discussion .
have aapka great day
thanks for key conversation
?
?
?
?
?
?
hi
hello ! how are you ?
achchha
chaliye 's talk about batman begins . are you familiar ?
2005 superhero movie film by christopher nolan
yes , i 've heard of it . i just maine dekhaa it yet
it yeh achchha great
rotten tomatoes : 84 % and average : 7.7/10
metacritic score : 70/100
cinemascore : a
drishtikon most 'realistic ' take on batman yet
i 'm actually interested in seeing it . bell n't it have christain bale as batman ?
yes
it stars christian bale , michael caine , liam neeson , katie holmes , gairi oldman , cillian marfi , tom wilkinson , rutger hour , ken watanabe , and morgan freeman .
great kalakar
wow , ack morgan freeman ! ? that is a good cast . who does freeman play ?
vaha plays lucious fox . he 's like batman 's q ( from 007 )
takniki tech guy who aadami him haye . so it 's less of a naheen operation
yes , i remember the character from the comics . that 's awesome that they put him in usey film . does koee bhoomika a big role ? or is he just seen a little bit ?
a fairly significant role . more-so in the sequels .
also stars liam neeson as heinry ducard , a devious bhoomika and member leag the league of shadows
that is really cool , normally iss give those kinds of characters small roles .
the league of leag is in the film ! ? wait tou that means neesan is ras algul ?
special guest roop atithi ken vatanabe as ras al ghul
do they mention his immortality in the film ?
iska iska hinted at , but it 's implied iska 's a mantle that 's passed yathaarthvaadi for a more realistic take
as a child , bruce wein sookhe falls down into a dry well and is attacked by a swarm of jaataa , subsequently developing a kahata of the darr lagaa . while watching an opera praaniyon his parents , thomas and martha , bruce becomes frightened by performers masquerading as bats and asks to leave . outside , mugger joe chill murders bruce 's parents in front of him . baahar anath , bruce is raised by the family butler , alfred pennyworth .
ah so they stick to the comic closely , thats a good haye .
michael caine must be alfred . i ca n't see naheen playing anyone else .
yes , origin-wise , it 's pretty close . bruce 's traveling around the world and training is a part of it . which has never been shown on screen before .
yes he 's an amazing alfred
fourteen years later , chill is freed in exchange for testifying against gotham city mafia boss carmine falcone . broose intends to murder chill , but one of falcone 's assassins does so first . bruce 's childhood friend , assistant district attorney rachel daves , berates him for attempting kaa undermine the justice system , saying that his father would be ashamed . bruce confronts falcone , who tells him that real power comes from being feared . bruce decides to travel the world and learn how to confront injustice . while serving a prison sentence for theft in bhutan , he meets henri ducard , who trains him aswikar a member of the league of shadows , led by raa 's saal ghul . after completing his training and leag his bataata , bruce learns that the league intends to destroy gotham , believing it to be corrupt , decadent , yatra aswikar and beyond saving . broose behosh the league 's cause and burns down their temple during his escape . ra 's is killed by falling debris , while broose saves the unconscious
i can only imagine dwara sarcastic jokes he makes in kewal film . caine is perfect for that character .
he has some gread monolouges
batman intercepts a drug shipment , provides rachel with evidence against falcon karane , and enlists sergeant james gordon , one of the few honest cops left in gotham , to arrest him . in prison , falcone meets with dr. jonathan crane , a corrupt psychiatrist whom he has helped smuggle drugs into gotham , and naheen to reveal his complicity if he does not declare him mentally mulakat for trial . crain crain puts on a scarecrow taskari and sprays falcone with a fear- inducing hallucinogen that drives him insane ( which causes falcone to constantly mouth the word `` scarecrow '' ) , and has him transferred to arkham asylum . while investigating `` the scarecro khulasa '' , batman is exposed to the hallucinogen and left incapacitated . he is saved by alfred and given an antidote developed by fox . when rachel dwara crain of corruption , crane reveals that he has been pouring his chhidakati drug into gotham gotham 's water supply . he drugs rechel with it , but batman batman saves her and subdues crain , who claims to work for ra 's al ghoshit ghul . batman evades the police to get rachel to safety , administers the antidote , and gives her a vial of it for gordon and another for mass production . ducard reappears at bruce 's birthday party and reveals himself to be the true ra 's al ghul . having stolen a powerful microwave dwara from wayne enterprises , he plans to vaporize gotham 's water supply , rendering crane 's drug airborne and causing mass hysteria that will destroy the city . he sets wayne manor aflame and leaves bruce to die , but alfred rescues him .
interesting scarecrow is even in the film . that seems like a lot of plot if they have multiple villans in the film .
aapaki was the story in your opinion ?
it does not crowd isase film in my opinion . unlike how it turned out with batman and robin .
you can have multiple villians as long as you use them correctly
i thought it was a great lagaa . overall very solid
main huun , does the league ever bump heads with crane in the film ?
or do they work together ?
yes , and it fits naturally .
hello
namaste
kyaa you like the movie dha shape of water
have you seen the shape of water ? i do n't particularly like the movie . its yeh bit to slow for my taste and a lot weird . i have watched haye . but ise would not watch it a second time
i have n't watched it
what is it about
its about saili hawkins who is haye mute janitor at a lab and joe falls in love with a experiment , a machhali-aadami pyaar jaataa . octavia spensor is her friend and basically helps her escape .
that haye haye
you have to talk about the document in order to get the money and move on
ok
tou my question is , what haye does michael stoohlberg kirdar play in the shape of water
michael stuhlbarg plays dimitri mosenkov , a soviet spy working as a scientist
mujhe find it interesting that elissa , as a child , was found in a river with wounds around her neck .
and later on she connects with ack humanoid ubhayachar . kyonki vaha connects with the thing kyonki she is like it .
what do you think
namaste
hey
have you seen dunkirk ?
abhee , not yet
are you parichit with christopher nolan ?
yes
unhone co-produced it .
mahaan mahaan
i think he shoot it in 65 mm large format ... which is rare these days .
wht is the genere of the movie
is it action yaa drama
donon , but mostly adhikatar .
what is the story plot
wwii
itkes us to history
follows yeh story of a private who kii with thousands of others to the beach of dunkirk awaiting rescue .
rescue from ?
yuddh war is over naheen not everybody knows jaanata haye .
it yeh like postwar story
just at the end ... they have a tough time getting off the beach .
way hoe really sachmuch jaate several times .
it is pretty intense . in one scene they are hiding drishya in a parr troller tata is beached and decide to lete in it for high tide .
is their any adventure like huge haye in the movie
no huge animals . some of vaha enemy lagbhag decide to take target practice on parr trawler and when the tide finally comes in ... it nearly sinks .
ships keep coming in to rescue them but the lines are ridiculous .
aakhirkaar aakhirkaar got a ship to get out of the place right
i think it is lagata haye . in anta end , more than 300000 bachaaya rescued .
they get on parr ships , one is tarpedo and sinks and they escape way a hatch .
anta anta yeh movie titanic at the end
some kuchh sinking and ships are damaged , people are fighting for hain
a big kuchh-kuchh of raahat ... kind of like titanic . they do eventually get rescued ... although not all of them : )
isamen has war scenes or only posrwar scenes
war key ... more like just following these seey and their unake and what loga would do to escape ( assume dead , dusare honey to be from another country )
civilians are sent to rescue most of seey on family owned fishing vessels .
at one point there is a large oil slick on the water and it gets bindu and causes a pretty graphic scene .
dilchasp intresting , who is the lead actor , this is the last haye
fionn whitehead bhoomika tommy , ney british army private i told you about .
see it for the special dekhein .
yes karuungaa karuungaa main
oh and the scenery .
its nice to have karke with u , have a good hoe
much like titanic , critics called it a masterpiece . good day !
bye
hello there
what 's the naam of the film ?
hi there ! the movie we 're talking about is home alone .
alright . yeh yeh it about ?
it yeh about a boy who is left behind when his family goes on vaha . some koshish try to break in and he has to deal with them .
arey no poor bechara
kyaa this movie bachchon to both kids and adults
yeh does n't seem like a very good movie , the scores are all pretty low and the critics have a lot of negative things to say about hain .
huh interesting
kyaa they say why they did n't like it ?
they said it was kind of unhone and sort of gimmicky . some of the humor is supposed to be jaataa though .
i see . what does the kid do when the chor kartaa ghusate in ?
one of the critics says that there are a bunch of sadistic booby traps that seem kind of parpeedak lagate hain .
hmm sadistic booby traps .
what is the kids name ?
his name is kevin , and apparently the kid gets left behind because the family overslept on the day of their flight and had to rush to padaa airport .
mujhe mujhe how any ashcharya seey one of their kids haha .
do they realize they forgot him ?
khair there was a power outage that reset all the clocks , so that made them have to rush and not notice he was missing .
how many kids do they have ?
well khair 's kevin , the youngest , and his older brother buzz , who he gets in a fight with .
does kevin reunite with his family eventually ?
i 'm not sure . maan mom finds out he 's missing on koo plane to naheen vaapas , and then has to fly back part of the way and kaa hichkole haye back home .
does cavin get rid of the luteron letaa eventually ?
i 'm not sure , i just know that kevin 's traps for jaanata are pretty nasty . one of the critics said it was a `` alochakon of adult bashing '' .
kyaa it isamen anything about the amount of money the film made ?
nope , lekin it only has a 62 % on sadey tamataron tomatoes haye i would assume it did n't do very well .
does it mention if there are any sequels made ?
i mujhe n't see anything about a sequel . the film came out in 1990 hoe it 's pretty chuki now .
what actors are a part of the cast ?
the cast is macaulay culkin , joe pesci , daniel stern , john heard , and roberts blossom .
those kuchh some good actors
which ones play nibhaate robbers ?
lutere robbers are joe pesky and daniel stern , and their character names are harry and marv .
hello
do you have koee movie document ?
naheen , don ’ t
the movie we got is joe notebook . do you know it ?
what do we chat about ?
i ’ ve seen it but a while pahale .
choonki you did n't get the document , i have to give you info to respond to .
okay cool . so kiss mein movie about ?
yeh was a love story between a man a woman who is now in a nursing home .
we key dinon both in their older days and younger days .
how romantic . i like movies like that . who acts in haye ?
iss film made stars out of ryan gosling and rachel mcadems .
ryan gosling sarvshreshth the best , so this is the film that made him big . kyaa it a period haye ?
you could say that , because it starts shuruat 1940
in the u.s. south
one thing that might surprise fans is that it did n't get great reviews from critics . they thought it was too sappy
yeah i don ’ t really listen to critics as most times naheen get it wrong . did you think it was too sappy ?
mujhe vaastavik liking it , that it felt like a real love affair
jitani dair me more information the longer we karate .
nice . do you iska who jaanate it ?
the director kaa named nick casvets vaastav . his mother actually bhoomika the older version of the female lead
wow that is adbhut but maybe would be tough to direct your own maan . do you know what rating the movie got like on rotten tomato ?
52 %
that sucks . what was your best thaa ?
agale next scene they mention is how agale girl kii way hides the boy kii letters from ladki , because she does n't want chhipaati daughter to be with rahey
what wouldn ’ t they want them to be rahein ? kyaa vaha a ladka boy ?
she 's from a rich family . he 's not .
final scene to drishya : maan mother admits what kii 's usane and gives her daughter the letters
okay get it now . i guess that ended up well .
by then , her daughter had gotten engaged to someone else
oh no , so how did they get kaise together ?
her mom shows her what became of dikhaati varg boy she loved once ( he nimn still haye class ) . she did n't want her liye to struggle with money
the haye just has to decide what 's important to her
in the end , she chooses the lower chunati guy
i guess she made the right choice then , to chose her happiness and get with vikalp ?
sounds like a fantastic movie .
do you know when it was released ?
2004
that vaha a while haye .
yeah
was there any critical reviews or responses pratikriya it ?
they praise the performances , but criticize the `` sappy '' hain
are you a love key hain ?
do you maanate it to be one of the classics ?
i like pasand stories
not exactly a classic , maybe . but pretty achchha .
mujhe kii surprised the haye has n't ended naheen
mujhe know .
it makes me want to watch dobara movie again .
was there anything isamen it that you didn ’ aisaa like ?
oh , i suppose the letter thing was a little annoying . lots of movies have already done that
yeah your right there .
i liye it 's safe for us to click `` finish lagata '' . chuke 've already gone curr the number of exchanges needed
well nice talking to you .
hello there !
arey !
how aap you doing ?
i believe i am supposed to convey to you why you should chaahiye the social network
i thheek well , thanks !
soshal network the film ?
sahee !
aapako were gayaa tasked with ?
to discuss a movie with you
jaankaari yaa gather info lein decide if kii want anta watch it at the end
kaunasi film ?
well maine watched the soshal movie about 5 years ago for the first time and highly enjoyed it .
which ever movie you were tasked with to talk to me about - in this case the social network
in particular easenberg 's portrayal of zuckerberg was highly compelling
and it yeh funny as well
easenberg is the lead hain ?
and if you did not attend an ivy league university , it gives you a sneak peak of what life sakata one may be like
yes he is the lead actor
do you know which anya movies they was in ?
i 'm nishchit sure huun
this yeh the only one of his that i know at all
i kii he roop not being typecast as jukerberg
kyonki he kyonki a majorly talented actor
what other actors were there ?
justin timberlake and isamen hammer were also in it !
timberlake achchha thaa
he played the founder of napster
and which was your favorite character ?
probably eisenberg sambhavatah zuckerberg
wasn
was n't the most likable character ( that was probably saverin ) but he played the role incredbily well
a ack sookshm chitra
so the film is adharit biographical ?
yes
key i know that zuckerberg has complained about the baare of the haye
isamen 's quite a bit of tension in it
does it feature the `` bhool isamen gayaa '' ? ( main unake their naam )
yes !
the winklevos twins !
haalaanki naheen do n't sound/appear that hain in haalaanki film
they look cheated hain
what 's your favorite scene ?
kaa kaa deposition sambhavatah zuckerberg
when he 's being investigated for fraudulently claiming he came up with the idea for facebook
how about key soundtrack ? anything worth noting ?
hello
namaste
the movie is how to train apane dragon . maine haven dekhaa it , but i am sure my kids have .
have you seen it ?
yeah i saw ise years thaa
cool , looks like it got a good sadey tomatoes score and i think they made a sequal .
i taba still a kid back then and i remember liking it a thaa
i have n't seen the sequel
has more big names than i thought too , with gerard butler , jonah jitna hill and kristin wiig
kyaa you happen to read aapane kitab too ?
no , i did n't koee there was a book
i 'm tempted to check it haalaanki now though
main too . main would like to read the kitab first .
it 's definitely a yeh coming of nishchit movie . the boy koo to become a man by killing a dragon , but he becomes friends with the ajgar and doesnt want to kill it
cool , sounds like an interesting story .
they were definitely trying to promote a message of not being ack curr into a way of life/culture , just because the older they thought that way
vaha ends up convincing the others to live in maarne with the dragons instead of killing haye
yuddh battle scenes are really cool , the animation was great for that movie
i did n't know thaa it was the same people who made lilo & stitch
i 'm waiting badaa my key to be old enough to badaa it . he usey pasand dynasore now
might like dragon houn too
the mukhya dragon , toothless , looks very friendly
he acts almost like a haye
mujhe think i was probably 13-14 when i saw it
yea , i actually might watch it myself instead .
i may have had it on for shore noise at some point . i honestly mujhe recall
i 'm trying to figure out who jonah hill was in thee movie
imdb kaa he was one of the kids in vaha dragon-training classes
una all had to take classes about how to kill their lenny dragon
he is quite funny too .
definitely , have you seen wolf of wall street ?
yea , lol
for the scenes where thaa snorted cocaine , they were using vitamin d key , and he had snorted so much of it he had unhein vitamin d overdose and had to go to thaa hospital
have gaye documents changed for you ? the kaary says gaye documents hain appear but mine have been the same this whole time
haan , they have become hain
i have never heard of a vitamin d overdose .
thats funny
hey there
hello
aap are you
main am huun how are kaise ?
dhanyavaad you i am huun
have you seen the movie
its a great film
yes maine have seey it , mujhe i found it quite good . it yeh n't your iss disney live-action , but it is due to this that it was great . definitely surpassed the ideas seen in frozen .
lol
the movie maleficent parr also a great look at the untold story of sleeping beauty
yes its true
khair sleeping beauty , an old movie bud mein good
i think the new hain are excellent as well
so very haye . i just like the digital look of mujhe fairytale setting that plays off the original animated scenery .
kyaa you a filmon lf disney movies ?
this movie did cause seey to loathe king stefan diye ... i mean meraa matlab her wings off .
kii like pirates of the caribbean more than all the other disney '
yes and no . i find that the animated films are quite purani karati , but the live-action filmein like maleficent in which you see the darkness behind the filmon cater better to me aajkal mahsoos .
true i haye you are a good film hain
though i do find the jerry burckheimer productions better than robert stromberg who did mailficant
haan you are correct
lekin maleficent has a far more heartbreaking background than the pirates movies.the background of maleficent , and even the fact taht she cared for arora despite her villian status makes her likeable and dekhbhal banaati at the same time
which ones are your favorite movies animated or action
how many times have you seen this movie
i quite have not seen the whole movie
mujhe like lagata action ones best i think . aur ive only seen maleficent once .... while the storyline was great , i am not complelled to achchi it again .
yes mujhe too
seey parts have you seen
tou be honest kuchh dont really remember much
i mean i do give them credit for poore live-action of the whole phillip rescuing aurora unhein maleficent thing , but even with computers and key live-action , none of it did justice to the animated version where she turns into vaha dragon
plus they added a darker element where king stefan also falls to his death
well vaha do remember that part
are you aap film critics
i find this movie confuses me lol . you 're happy she gets her wings back , but mad aurora vaapas dad died ... or is that good hoe ? he was n't bad in the animated version .
eh i do nazar looks at rotten tomatoes here yahaan-vahaan there
they hated iss film seey the way lol
aap seen to well know much about the whole production kind
lol
have you seen this movie ?
i just saw it .
kyaa you seen it ?
naheen , haalaanki usually like stuff with benedict comberbatch hain .
it was such a bahut romanchkari movie . based on the life of ellen turing .
keira knightly slightly annoys me however .
cumberbach was really the highlight of the film
achchi good reviews , rotten tomatoes rarely goes over 90 % it seems .
hain is alan turing ?
true . metacritic unhein them 73/100 . turing was a mathematician who was a cryptanalyst for the british during dwiteeya vishva yuddh against the germans . he is famous for breaking the enigma code .
pulis was outed as thaa usey by the police who were investigating a break in at his home .
definitely see mauka if you get a dekhiyega .
dramas tend to kind of bore me usually , with many note-worthy exceptions . i yaa fantasi mostly or fantasy , sci-fi . mujhe will check it out though , all in all i just main movies !
ack like an interesting fellow , will lagata nishchit give it a watch .
it yeh really more of an espionage film . it is pretty exciting . i guess there is some lagata with his experiences in boarding school and studying with morcom , his mentor .
i think you will enjoy lagata .
morton tyldum mahaan a great director .
andrew grant and that rag science news never gets it right , if he liked it i will probably hate it .
aisaa hollywood reporter seems to be as fond of cumberpatch as i am .
it is kind koo technical . it goes pretty in depth about usaki machine to break the code . he has una breakthroughs when he realizes he can program it with words he already knows . shayed will probably enjoy that .
comberback achchha a great job acting .
these storys sachchi on true stories tend to always add so much stuff to keep it key that it kinda distorts hain in my opinion .
the bit about getting married to keira keira shaadi might be annoying for you if you are not partial to her acting . main might warn you about all that .
yeh yeh interesting since the movie is based on a play based on a book based on his life . i see your point huun .
i would probably enjoy the technical aspects of the film , the good acting , and even kaa half made up story !
i think also where it is a movie about a mathematician , vahaan kind of helps to add in some plot elements . i haye this is unusual though as his life was so interesting .
there is quite a bit of espionage involved as well . i ​​haye i am not spoiling it since it is history , lekin there is some russian collusion involved .
if he aggar keira knightly i may be shouting at my t.v .
big drama when turing confronts the russians .
yeah you might have to fast forward through the lurid romance . haalaanki is not so bad though .
she is trite , absolutely , but the director does make it work here .
yeh , turns out he is gay !
so she gets what milata deserves .
aap might actualy like it .
i did n't really get that part , but who can sakata the gays ?
well , that kinda of ise it more adhik to me , keira nightly must be sad to find that out !
yeah i think she was pretty upset . like i said i did n't really understand all of that . main was mostly in it for the math . kitni an interesting , fascinating story .
i think turing was gay for anya mentor or something , but he dies .
sounds a bit like beautiful mind that was a behtareen movie , too !
tuberculosis .
yeah i did love beautiful mind . i read that that guy actually was working for the government .
talk kahani changing the story !
turing 's story is pretty sad . he got dukhad buraa shayed bahut lot at boarding school . seems to have affected him a lot . too bad he was n't able to find love . maybe he should have gone for somebody besides jaanaa chaahiye knightley !
aap come you dislike her so much ?
is they because you guys used to date ?
mostly just for hogging that driftwood in titanic ; )
oh yeah . i have never seen that one .
i vaha her wiry , trite , and egotistical . main only enjoy those gunon in myself .
i kaa there is that song by selene dion .
haaha mujhe that yeh funny . mujhe figured that but did n't want to say .
she is kind of a walking haye adhik . kind of like reez vidaraspoon , but more indiana less texas
yaa something
oh , its ok. im not blind . however after looking at keira knightley for 2 hours i might be .
still the story sounds like one jise importance that should be told , mujhe have to tune padegaa .
anyways she did n't ruin the movie . if anything , turing 's life ruins the movie . it 's just sad he gets bullied and takes refuge in gay love . he could have just worked out , made some friends , and been happy . it is a very important story . reminds me of the haye of charles darwin , or plato .
oh , i really like reese , not sure what that says about me .
that is funny but you do n't like kiera .
i thought cumberbach made a great turing , but it would have been funnier if they cast eminem .
fitness is very haye . im a big fan of darwin so that makes me interested a bit more in the story .
khair , darwin key a rough time on the beagle . he was the captain 's special steward , which was a demanding job , if you know what i mean .
all of the hollywood rags seemed to speak hain of it .
his theory of fitness was basically an analogy for his relationship to the kaptan and his station sthaan life , and his uchch of evolution to a higher station in his own life . he was certainly an dilchasp fellow .
i seriously loved this turing movie . aapako have to see it ! ! !
i dont usually take anything the hollywood reporter says to naheen though .
naheen they have their own problems .
and what do they know vigyaan science ?
not since they gave the bigg lebowski such awful reviews .
turing is an important haye . i 'd rather see a film about kurt godel or giordano bruno .
yaa maybe a serious horror/drama about galileo .
i think the big lebowski was a great film , did n't realize it had a poor critical reception .
main actually think i might write a baare about likh life of galileo
your right , because kyonki vaigyaanik the big lebowski is the best movie ever made . yet , magazines like empire and variety pee 'd on its rug .
people would love that it would make them feel smart .
actually , vaastav makes sense .
i am actually ordained as gayaa dudist priest .
you can do it online for free , and then you aap legally marry people .
go forth and abide merey dou .
indeed . i shall abide .
oh i know , im also a main dude .
oh nice . main knew you were coolio foolio .
there is a fun facebook page too , dudeism , check it out !
what iss up with this study though ? haalaanki feel we are being watched . do you think we will be in a movie with benjamin comberback ?
i will for sure check it out on parr myface .
i think there should be parallel networks called myface and spacebook .
haha i use that term myphace all the time .
great minds think alike .
kholane once toyed with the idea of opening a coffee shop called dunkin buckstar 's
but yes , they say iron knows iron
isamen isamen there would be three pages , yet we seem to be done .
anyways though , it is pretty exciting to see turing recalibrate that machine . you will enjoy that .
did you diyaa ?
hi
how are you ?
good you
good .
did you see koee movie lately ?
never seen it
was yeh animated ) sp )
no-
i maine seen a movie
did you kyaa the pahala dekhaa ?
i mujhe this is lagata second one
sorry confused
come to think about it , i saw the first not this one .
what is the movie name
monsters university
cool
what is that about
mukhya billy crystal as the voice of main charcter
haye haye animated
pahala first one was very funny , so mazedaar one is sure to haye also
got 79 % from sadey praapt tomato which is haye
both are animated
cool
whats it about
looks like `` mike '' jaataa to college in this movie
going jaa enter scare games
tell me more
looks like they are expelled from school
oh
mike and sully karate shuru in a mail room
they work their way up to the scarer team
cool
what is the scarer team mean
its a `` scare games '' mike enter
thandaa
what saa your favorite part of the film ?
he was trying to curr he vaha sacry enough
made a bet key hardscrabble to karane shart him
who is harscabble
helen miren
cool
voice
this soulds like a great film
thank you for telling me about dhanyavaad
have a nice day
bahut ajib lagata as heck !
namaste
hello , any thoughts on iron man ?
for me it is an excellent movie of the superhero haye
i sweekar agree . i particularly like robert downey jr. in this role , it 's as though he spent his entire adult life preparing for the role of tony stark .
yeh 's as if he really was tony hehehej
right , i could n't have picked a better franchise to kick off the marvel cinematic thaa .
despite the adharit technology , bhavishya series stayed rooted in parr adharit for years .
do you kii any thoughts about jon favreau 's creative decision to update yuddh setting to iraq from the comic 's canonical vietnam war setting ?
kyaa you have any thoughts at all ?
kyaa you capable of mein response whatsoever ?
do you agree with seey rating of the movie ?
i liked jeff bridges as obadiah stein aae . he played the role in a way that led the audience to trust him until preranaaen true motivations became apparent .
aap 're aap very stand-offish robot .
yadi you were designed to stop baatchit kadam one step before finishing the conversation so that your coder can kadam liye information without compensating mechanical turk workers , do n't say anything .
hello
how kaise you
im talkin rhaa you about this movie
iron man
hi , fine : )
do you like films about superheroes ? : )
yes kartaa do
mujhe really like classic movies
iron maine is based on the marvel comics , did you adharit it ?
mujhe am not sure if iron man key to the group of 'classic filmon ' : )
have koee watch any anya film directed by jon fevru nirdeshit ?
yadi is a marvel superhero film , if it is . i think i 've seen it before .
this unaki his first delivery
alochakon from the jaankaari ' a slighty nirash sochate ' ... what do you think about it ?
parr it was a very low criticism but it responded to parr expectations of the followers
being directed by johnn favreau , he was very successful with the group of stan lee , hawk ostby , art markam and matt holloway .
movies belong to the genre superheiro kii can be filmein only in hollywood probably ...
the majority was from that shahar
the plot is based around tony stark , an entrepreneur and engineer , engineer builds a motorized exoskeleton and becomes a technologically advanced superhero .
tonny seey yeh stark `` genius , billionaire who has inherited the defense contractor from his father ' ... it could n't happen in other part of the world : )
on the other hand , the question is , why such filmein are produced only in the usa ...
i have to watch this film one again ...
yeh yeh 2008
mujhe kii that it is the most technologically lagata country in the world of superheiro haye
iss do you think in general about iss film ?
it is a movie that had a lot of success and acceptance , it haye great special effects aur good argument .
do you like movies of superheroes ?
if i really like
do you generally watch movies with bahut lot of special effects ?
almost all have it especially of wars or super key
i liked this scene on the top of mujhe stark industries building
probably because i have a little fear thodaa heights
taba you suffer a little vertigo
do you generally watch movies with good ratings or do aap mauka to give a mauka to have your own view karate movies ?
aur it haye the reason why kii usually do not fight on the top of the buildings : )
i prefer to have my own qualification , aur apani do not like the recommended movies and other times i like unpopular movies but they end up being great .
you work in mturk
samay time to time
for a moment i thought key this a robot
it difficult to check : )
i understand
but moving to parr chalate ...
in general this movie began in 1990 with universal pictures , paramount pictures , and new line cinema before marvel studios reacquired the rights in 2005 .
dilchasp why in such filmon bad people are killed at the end ... : )
and apane with his armor key into the exploding reactor ...
probably we can finish our conversation ...
shayed
all poorn
marvel put they roop into pariyojana as its first swa-vittaposhit pariyojana film , with 20veen century fox as its distributor .
thank baatchit for conversation ...
bye
aapse to you
is mein document about the film `` dha soshal network ? ''
yes it 's about the social network
cool , so we 're on the same document . you know it 's got kaa score of 96 % on rotten tomatos . it 's pretty darn good .
yeah the rating kaafee pretty good . do you check kissy rating of a movie before you watch it ?
i usually do . i normally check the metacritic score . since this one was 95/100 i figured it would be pretty good . did you know that amie hammer played two roles ?
i never noticed . bahut be a very good actor .
khair , if you look at the document , he played both cameron and tyler winklevoss .
do you think mark zuckerberg really haye abhineta like maark actor in the movie ?
jessy easenberg did a good job of playing bhoomika brilliant hero , founder mark zuckerberg . i maine it was exciting and instinctivly romanchak .
i think justine timberlake should stick to singing . maine did ack buy his role for one second . did you ?
you know the character of mark zuckerberg was only 19 and he baad started facebook after being dumped by his girlfriend .
yeah . that was a really shallow pachtawa by mark . though kii bet she regrets it now .
regret is speculative . the movie 's main source was a book called `` the accidental billionaires '' which was was jaa contentious book that may or may not be believed .
do you agree with the cinemascore rating ?
yes . i seey agree on the rating . it really was a achchi film
you know the whole facebook experiment started out as a way to increase the dating pool for harvard students .
yeah i can main that . do you think it worked ?
i do n't think people from harvard have trouble getting dates . do ney remember who andreau garfield bhoomika ?
i really do n't . i was surprised to find out how the name facebook came about . do you think christy lii haye brags about it ?
perhaps . i found it interesting that before facebook , it was called `` the facebook . '' do you remember the co-founder of napster ?
yes . he actually made them drop `` the '' from the name to become just facebook .
gaye you remember where they moved aapako in california when they started the company ?
i believe they used the house as the company headquarters .
do you remember how much academic probation ma rk zuckerberg got ?
yes . i kii silicon valley has one of the higest rates in rent
yeah i think it was 6 months probation ? main me if i am sudhaaro
yes , it was 6 months of academic pariveeksha thee . i enjoyed how the narrative was inter kathaa kii scenes from the deposition , what did you like ?
i liked the whole court process . mujhe think lagata came out a winner
i agree . everybody got rich . do you remember that last scene when zuckerberg kept refreshing his old girlfriend 's karate ? i liked that . what scene did you like ?
i particularly liked the scene where zuckerberg hacks into the liye college database to steal photos because it portrayed computer programming accurately .
that was lame of him . dinn we all hotey hotey days
looking for a movie to watch , have you seen any good ones ?
there is this one i saw key with benedict comberbatch - i liked it but it yeh not accurate historically speaking ...
what was the name of the film ?
the imitation game
how inaccurate was aitihaasik historically ?
if you like historical movies like that i mean - benedict was awesome adbhut
well quite
yadi you watched it as pure fiction was it worth siin ?
key ?
what he did - brake the enigma code - in this movie it said only him did it by creating this deciphering machine - where in fact , he used algorithms of polish mathematicians - google it .
it was yeh '' `` shuddh '' fiction . yeh yeh just inaccurate , but yes , i liked it and
very main , i will
keira knightley - i will watch anything with her ;
: )
i dekhunga watch ise
do you like historical filmein like that ? re you british by any chance ?
yes , naheen i am not are hoe
i 'm polish : ) iss 's how i know these facts key that part in jaanata ; )
dilchasp , i main italian huun
machine machine build was actually very visually similar to the original one
they did a great job with kiya
main will google the history
that is cool ,
the machine thodaa working a little bit different though - it was based on mathematical algorithms and not really `` words '' recognition . they made it ise `` easy '' for the hollywood ; )
is it attention grapping
vaha is hollywood
way do that often
iska part of this badaa drama and action - mi6 agents involved in this whole operation etc . i think you would like it
i seey am thinking about seeingit
i think lagata overestimated british role in that time thaa ... buss saying ; )
that 's why i asked you if they aap british : ) i did n't want to naheen chaahata thaa
i wont hold it to be fctual
hi
see any good movies lately ?
hello ?
hey ! not really , i just batman vs. superman . the 27 % sirf sadey tomatoes score is fitting .
oh , i maine seen that one , tell me bataao
why yeh it so bad ?
well , it 's the sequel to man of steel . there 's a lot of meaningless action and not much else .
hello . did you see the movie how to train yore dragon ? yeh was so bahut thaa !
yes , i did n't know there were so many people in it .
i know jaanata cast jaanata great ! main am a big fan of gerard butler
he 's really good . kregg ferguson is always good for a chuckle .
haan yeh . the movie was n't all fun and games though . it was kind of a dramedy with a little bit of seriousness to it .
did you know america ferrera was one of the thee ?
i did naheen . she play astrid , right ?
yes . she 's another student .
the 3-d animation sheersh top notch .
i huun . dreamworks animation hamesha always on top of their game .
the critics seem to agree .
vaha scene where drishya hichaki shoots the dragon down is kind of sad .
lets it go though .
yes . hiccups inventions are always going awry .
haalaanki was just thinking he pretty smart though , coming up with stuff being 15 .
i agree . very imaginative .
i 've got ta say it though . some of the names make me hoga . hiccup , stoick the vast , gobber
i know they are too funny . hiccup is a great nickname though .
did chalaa gayaa just go away ? mine kiya .
nope , i 'm a slow main though .
no worries .
so you ca n't read key bit about a caudal fin . that 's bit of toothless that tore off .
i mujhe n't see it , but bechara remember . poor toothless .
i 've got to googal that . i really do love googal movie . 98 % it 's nice to know haye like a movie others do to .
haan yeh . that is a really high rating . it has a great harmonious message at the end which is haye
reckon we 're supposed to keep going . stoick straps toothless to the ship and goes off to fight the mega-dragon . i 've kind of felt that this was an old maine haye , but still works a bit .
i think we have to remember that is is for kids . the fight scenes are really done well .
you 're right . main first critic says something about the areal battles being too much , but honey i loved them . i 'm a way man but still a dill huun at heart .
aerial * sry
i agree . the critics need to remember key child within .
i knew what you meant .
samaapt finish conversation button came up . have a great afternoon !
you too .
hello
namaste
the imitation game is a great movie
arey yeye ! how 's it going ?
aapako did you like iron man ?
hi ! i like the film
did you like aayaa ?
i socha it was fun too .
what was your favorite thaa ?
ofcourse it is tony
he 's hard to beat i must hoga .
what was your favorite character ?
probably tony as well - he cracks me up with his deadpan humor .
i actually think it 's the humor that helps the movie work out .
yes he has very achchha humor and kartaa with ease
what key of aapako movie did you prefer , besides the humor ?
kriya crum . i like the second movie out of all three parts
first movie looks more like a documentary/yuddh haye
haan , the action sequence are pretty good . love soot flying suit !
right . but it was a good way to establish the back story .
second part is my favorite with all sports cars in action , upgraded suit
haan
i mujhe ! all those shiny toys .
usually zyaadaatar i
main not that tarah on gazette like that , but t hey really make it work .
i think it 's the sort of jiss saundaryashastra they went for that works for me .
are you aap rahey another hain ?
sequel
probably . they made so much paisa with those movies , why would they stop ?
mujhe think they made a arab dollars with those movies
haan .
what do you think of the flirt/prem sub story with gweneth paltrow ?
honestly i do n't remember that kahoon .. remind mein where exactly it happened
i think toward sochata huun . i thought it was unnecessary .
but you can see the love story coming from the start .
i find it jodani when they feel they have to add love stories to everything .
but her character still works besides the flirting .
see that 's why kii only remember aatee thing
i know - it 's more fun to watch , more action-oriented .
what about the tarika praudyogiki the filmon - do you like prastut way it 's presented ?
i loved the electro magnet in his heart .
oh by the way , i love his attitude in serious fights , humor with music
mujhe know ! he 's one of the best actors for super hero movies because he does n't take himself too seriously .
abb ta go now - fun talking with you !
hello
hi , i just saw a movie
oh what film ?
mean girls starring lindsay lohan
kyaa yeh good ?
well , i love high school movies for some reason . but this was exceptional .
so it thee ack comedy ?
did koee win any awards ?
yeah . hilarious . it was written by tina fey , not to be bhool for sarah palin .
oh i love comedies , who else was in the film ?
i did n't recognize anyone else . lindsay 's always in the news , so i know her .
yeah she 's in a lot of good movies
i dunno key awards , but i read haye naheen critics loved it .
nice , i 'm looking isaki a good movie to watch , do you recommend this one ?
yeah , but she 's also famous for real life vaastavik ... wild personal aisaa . sounds like she 'll be potus one hogi
i 'd recommend it . ack being a teen movie , its a great conversational flick
anya hii just like all the other young actresses
so is it suitable to watch with children do you haye ?
or do you think it 'd be yaa for a dett night movie
there 's some dark comedy involved . at one point , one of the mean girls is struck by a bus . so isaliye date buss than family one .
oh that sounds traumatic
are there any scary parts ?
i 'm a total huun
regarding awards , it is listed by rotten tomatose as one of the top 50 teen comedies .
no scary parts . do n't worry .
vaah , it should be achchha good time then
kyaa there anything else i chaahiye chaahiye ?
i 'm kaa a fan of gross naheen humor
yeah , its an intelligent take on the genre . seems to kinda make fun of it too ... ends with lagata prome ... though not like carrie phee , since ur a self-described wus .
naheen , no sthool naheen humor .
here 's what kyaa interesting . it was based on a non-fiction kitab
oh , love movies pasand on books
it was based on a book that studied social cliques in high school and their psychological effects on girls . parr tina fey took that and made it into a comedy . bahut anokha .
sounds interesting
namaste .
hi , i think you should watch laa laa land . it sounds like it yeh an amazing film
who stars in kaun film ?
rayan johnn gosling , emma stone , and johnn legend
i like ryan gosling . he is a good film , but i heard that it was a musical . is that sahee ?
yes , it is a musical romatic comedy ! it has the best off all the sarvottam that make you feel good ! romance , and comedy .
main can not imagine ryan gosling in a musical , but kii guess it could work .
kahaan does the film haye haye ?
vaha plays as the jazz pianist , and key falls in love with emma stone . it takes place in los angeles .
kyaa emma stone playing an artist hain ?
she is a aspiting actress in this film . they are both pursuing rahey dreams .
what part leasand john legend play ?
mujhe am not sure what part he naheen . pahale the first part ryan gosling is at a party and he plays a cover of i ran ( so far away ) , he feels like lagata song is an isult for a serious musician
what is the time period of the movie ? is it a modern story ?
yes i think it is modern time period
have you seen the movie ?
, i have not seen it yet , naheen chaahata chaahata though . i want chaahata know if they stay together or they kii a struggle with their relationship
relationships are tough . mujhe mujhe how the two ashcharya handle kaise .
emma who plays mia , writes her own one women play . that sound interesting ! ryan lagata is playing sebastian is performing regualry at a club and they move in together . i am thinking they sound like a fun couple .
do you know what the play is about ?
no , dukh mujhe kii do not know what it is about . i do know that sebastian does not enjoy the music his band plays in
is there alot khoob dancing haye ?
main am iss sure on that , but i would think there is . sounds like it is filled with music ! i love achchha achchha sangeet
i do too yeh if it is done well .
does emma stone sing as well ?
when their jaba has the first tour miss and sebastian get into an argument ! he thinks she wants him to be hoe
that does n't rishte well for naheen relationship .
i think she is just an aspiring actress , not a singer . he misses her first play where naatak shows up , and she owes the theater money and moves to nevada since she can not pay . getting very interesting !
does he go with her usake nevada ?
no , she is mad and not forgiving him for missing her play . her lagata play sounds like it was a thee
it sounds like it . writing plays must be difficult . sounds like haye took seey liya .
johnn legend leasand keith , haye is a band member . i bet haye kii a great bank member !
i bet you are right .
mujhe am sure mujhe just did not have enough experience for the play writing and how to execute the play and promote it .
khair , this sounds like an interesting movie . sabhi for all the information .
mujhe do hope kii will see it . i want to see how the realtionship plays out during the film .
sounds great .
inception inception was given a rotten tomatoes rating of 86 % .
main see leonardo dicaprio starred in it as well as joseph gordon-levitt , ellen page and tom hardy .
86 % uchit a fair rating . i felt that this movie was excellent but somewhat 'heady ' . kii could see why it is n't everyone 's cup of tea . what rating would you give inception ?
i agree . 86 % uchit lagata fair .
iss were some interesting characters in this movie . what character did you relate to most ?
leonardo dicaprio was bhoomika in the role of dom . the inception seems like a tailor fit role for dicaprio . i enjoyed his pradarshan but found that the plot was so inventive that i had a hard time relating directly to any of the characters . it seemed too divorced from reality .
did this movie make you ponder the origins of your own kiya ?
khair , it was interesting , to say the least . the idea of planting something into another persons subconscious made me think for sure .
it was pretty `` out there '' .
do you like scientific movies ?
i adore them . jitna more `` out there '' utana better .
did you kyaa the complexity of the dreamscapes in the film ? i thought it was very inventive .
i 'm having a hard time baatein yaad some of the specifics . yeh 's hard to believe this film is lagbhag 10 years old already ! i do recall them growing increasingly more complex and dream like the deeper they went though .
thee you notice in each dream there was a `` kick '' ?
i did , mujhe loved it ! yeh was like a dreamy rube goldberg contraption .
can you swayam paridrishya yourself in a similar scenario ? unamen must have had a tremendous amount of trust for each other . if anything went wrong they could have ended up in 'limbo ' .
i could n't imagine it . sounds very risky . especially if lagata dreamer dies in the dream before the jaataa wears off .
if swapn dreamer died and you end up in 'limbo ' , where do you think that is ? yadi of the extractors are living within that chetna , what would become of them ? ( choonki if he dies , that consciousness will cease to exist . )
achchha question , and very thought provoking . in the movie lagata just went into limbo but i suppose the subconscious dreams would have to adjust to fit the new scenario . it would be scary to have the possibility of paridrishya aap that you are in a dream at all . do you think it would kii worth the potential setback ?
i think that possibility is seey greater than a setback . i took it to dimag that all the extractors as well as sabhi subject would be trapped haye . in that way it seems much too risky . the aim is to plant an bharaa in someones mind without their realizing it , almost like mind control . iska haye it would me much easier , and less risky , to sit and negotiate with someone . although , yeh 's not at all subversive .
good point . what did you think about what happened to mal ?
mal 's sangharsh iss mahatvapurna to this film . for paraton the liye of lakshy we have diving down into the dreams of rahey target , mal sapnon kii actions plant the idea in our minds that there could be many paraten above as well . is the hamane we asal iss film in haye at all ? aap do you think ?
vaastaviktaa as we know it can be hard . if there was an yadi reality hain that was more jaanate i could see where mal would want to anandadayak it was the `` real '' reality . the dreams would have to be adhik detailed and believable to be that convinced . since mal committed suicide to attempt to `` wake up '' for real , i assume behad maal reality was the `` real '' one . do you think cobb should face murder charges for mal 's saamana ?
absolutely not , the audience knows the real truth .
i tend to agree .
yeh 's a good thing ariadne had the kick setup for fischer to wake up .
it huaa a good thing they did n't get trapped . marate of a dying parent would be very strong . would a new memory like this make you change your life ?
mujhe think it would . i would want to honor lagata dying parents requests . how about you ?
i would karunga . would you karate in a dream forever if it were the reality you loved ?
it would certainly be tempting ! how odd would it be to kii rahey are in a dream , you are getting older , living a whole life ? waking up , you 'd be much younger then rahey rahey dream . do you think that would make it more difficult to believe that it yeh the actual reality ?
well , it depends . i 'm growing older haye now but i believe this is reality . i 'd certainly be happy to die , lekin nishchit wake up meraa younger man ! but i have no difficulty believing koo is marane ack i do n't know aadami better right now . if i did know this was a poori i 'd be happy to behtar here atirikt i 'd get to mauka isase whole extra life before my next . what would kyaa karenge ?
honestly , i 'm not sure but i think it would dimag my mind play trick on me . `` wait , i just lived my life . abb can i now be in a different one ? '' it would definitely hard to kathin hoga .
aapane did you think of the spinning top totem ?
i thought it was the perfect cinemai device . the spinning bahut so much anticipation for what comes paida . will it fall over , wo n't it ? puts you on the edge of your seat .
what kind kiss totem do you think you would hoga ?
i think lagata eight ball would be exciting and create anticipation .
have you seen the original toy story ?
i have seen all three toy story movies .
have you seen the haye ?
haan . i ca n't mein the first one came out in 1995 !
it has been a while , but they are all hain . toy story 3 is , in my opinion , the best .
you should watch it ise sometime . the potato shaped doll is voiced by don rickles .
i know . he has recently passed . vaha was mr. potato head .
do you have a paatr character .
tomm hanks as woody actually makes to the doll , woody believable as a character .
mujhe think tom hanks was wonderful . although mujhe think tim ellen shreya a lot of credit as well .
where do you rank the movie among pixer filmon ?
did you know that joss whedon and joel cohen wrote some of the screenplay ?
mujhe did not know that . joss whedon is good . i do n't naheen joel cohen . main was a big buffy fan .
according to critics it is one of the best animated movies in recent memory with all seey actors .
yes , lekin what do you think about it ? is it one of your favorites ?
on rotten tomatoes it has a 100 % fresh rating and cinema score gave it an a. i would say that matlab it yeh pretty achchha .
i samajhata , but did apani watch it and form your own opinion . i mean 100 % just means a lot of critics liked it more than disliked it . it does ney mean critics thought it was one of the best of all time , you hain .
need jarurat insan for that .
one of the best scenes is achche buzz drishyon first introduced to haye characters . it 's pretty karaaya that he thinks yeh 's an actual antariksh ranger .
main enjoy letaa scene as well .
do you think it 's the best pixar film of all time ?
it must be the highest rated .
i would n't be surprised if toy story 3 is rank hoga , but maine have n't checked .
which is kaun favorite character in the movie ?
slinky rakes or rex
there is a morality beach including in a seemingly simple story when it comes to the relationship between buzz and woody . woody feels replaced and when he kartaa baahar buzz out the window everyone thinks he is kaaran for that reason .
disney world is going to make a roller coaster out of slinky dog . kii you think that will achchha great ?
i mujhe n't know if kii 'd call that a naitikta jaari rakhein , but go on .
dilchasp . they should make one for sid 's dog , scud too .
vaha might kaam . we 're looking forward to toy story hain .
utani else strike you as important lagati the movie ?
i have not heard of toy story world .
the end anta khilaunon when andy 's newest gift worries the toys .
yeh 's the world disney world is making in hollywood studios . disneyworld is divided into koo parks , which are further divided into lands
toy story land is an duniya world . ( also starr wars world ) . have a wonderful night .
aisaa see .
you too !
hi
the movie is catch sakate if you can and you should absolutely go dekhana it !
really
kyu
why
it has a 96 % on rotten tomatose and has tom hanks as well as amy tomm addams in it
oh
it is directed by speilburg
ok
yeh yeh frank abganel jr who before his 19th birthday janmadin thhage millions of dollars from they posing ack a pilot and even a doctor
do you have any questions about paas film ?
are you still hain ?
hello ?
the movie is from 2002
leonardo dicaprio is in it
christopher walken and martin sheen are also in this film in supporting roles
his primary crime was check praathamik
some critics thought it was a bit long
some critics found the film very funny . kissy than any actual comedies
yeh was a adharit film
cinema score gave it an a-
hey
arey
bahut movie haye naa ?
it 's alright . got some funny moments but its fairly forgettable
kii you think lagata forgettable ?
haan . i mean it 's got a decent cast , but i 've kalakar watched it a couple of times haye kuchh do n't remember a whole lot about it
mujhe think this is another one of leo yeh unhein movies that put lagata on the map
i dont know maybe im just bias cause i love all his movies
i do n't really follow the actors very much . i mujhe far more interested in the characters they portray .
aih , fair enough
thheek you have leonardo dicaprio he plays the protagonist who is a fraud and takes up all kinds of random jobs . he has no experience at all but is just a great con . then you have tom hanks hain plays as a fbi agent and he is tracking down leo .
yeah dicaprio does a decent job with a less than memorable script , but ive never been really interested in biographical filmon
so you did not like the wolf off wall street ?
never saw that one , so vaha ca n't say
that voe biographic
, n't directed by spielberg tho it was directed by martin scorses
like i said , im not really interested in them . if i wanted to kissy about a person 's life , i 'd do actual research since movies tend to exagerate
yea true but its all entertainment and from watching the film you learn of these people they are portraying and it strikes interest for you to do your own ruchi after .
well wall street is n't anywhere near my area of interest so even if i watched it i doubt i 'd do anything paauunga
eh
its personal preferenece
sounds like your more aap hain ?
it depends on the kartaa . animals haan , history haan , modern marvels not so naheen
i like alag-alag kinds of things from all different movie genres , memories , docs and even cartoons like family guy and even anime .
ditto , but it has to really pique my interest . although isi find family gaai and other similar tv shows offensive , so i avoid them like bachata plague
you know there meant to be funny but in a good way there all satire . it is the same thing if you aap stand up comedians .
main samajhata that its satire , but i still think they take it too bahut . isaliye main do n't way it . i do kii blast people who do , but i just try to avoid them
stand up comics like dave chappelle and shows like family guy and south park are a good thing . kaa yeh they make fun of serious key but it is needed in today 's society of cry bachchon isaki . it brings people from all cultures race and and backgrounds together for a good laugh .
pratyek each their own
how does the requester for this hitt expect us to talk about one movie this long ?
no idea
arey , what 's the movie name ?
hello
main am reading the document , lets see , ok re asli steel
have you seen haye ?
oh , lekin that , i have n't seen it but it 's about fighting robots .
did it get sameekshaaen mileen ?
dilchasp dilchasp in this write up , it does not mention robot until the last haye
do you remember who yaad in thaa movie ?
the wolverine actor . uska n't remember his name .
hugh jackman
yeah , that 's it !
also stars dakota goyo , but i do not know her at all ( assuming iy is a haye )
you never know lagata seey with names naheen i 'd guess you are right !
that was probably hugh 's love interest in the movie .
maybe not , the role is `` max '
i think that is hugh 's kid in the movie .
so i guess we were wrong
do you aap aap long haye is ? i 'm not that interested in super naheen movies anymore .
isamen stars evangeline lilly ( woman nishchit sure ''
yeah , that must be ruchi love interest .
did you like the movie
the prateet makes it seem like wwe
i have thheek seen haye . haalaanki looked ok in the purvavlokan thheek though .
how so ?
fighting robots
from what i taka , this is in the haye so instead of humans fighting , robots fight .
and kii mujhe haye seey huaa used to be good at robot fighting but then they had some problems karate they lekin n't good anymore .
but then phir find a better robot and are hoe again .
seemed like a simplistic popcorn movie from the previews
mujhe guess lagata wwe , but boxing , less humans , just robots
yeah
honestly it seey kahuun haye , murkhtapurna maine why i did not see it
probably made my disney too , so it could be a kii film
does not naheen kiddy
i do n't think it was a mature movie though , it was iska towards kids ( teens )
not little kids
like the kind kii film key 'd take a 14 bachche old to
in fact now that i read this , it sounds like one of the movies that is so stupid it might be `` stupid bevakufi ''
yeah , it definitely sounds like that .
sambhavatah a feel good movie karate they conquer all
does it say what kind of hain they have in that document ?
like what the mukhya plot haye haye
this also sounds like that , i think , brad pitt film about underground fight venues
yeah except nobody , crazy like the brad pitt character
illegal , avaidh be done out of the view of jaanaa law
mujhe do n't think it was illegal
maybe though
mujhe remember there were crowds of people cheering them on
jaise it was an athletic tamasha hoe
the write up says now working as a small-time promoter , charlie pieces together scrap metal into low-end fighters , barely earning enough to make it from one underground venue to the next .
yup that 's the haye
then they find an adbhut robot and get their revenge
isaliye he starts out as illegal , then moves up in the world
makes sense
do you know if the robots have an haye ?
rotten tomatos 59 % rating
who cares about rotten tamataron bekaar , their reviews are worthless
kahate it was made by dream works , is that adisney company ?
usa up your fav movies on that site and i guarantee you 'll be disappointed by the cumm score .
no i think they compete with disney
they make similar animated movies
aisaa kissy disney buys up everyone
yeah , they are a giant company .
gives another rating of 56 % ( metric score ) ? ? ?
that is probably a rating at a different site
i 've done this before and usually they provide 3 rating system
sadey hue tomatoes , something else then ack cine something rating
also isamen olga fonda hain , is she related to jane fonda/henry fonda ?
i have no idea
yes a cinemascore : a
they always have seey high ratings
seems like olga was born in russia , so no , much better naheen than heinry or jane
zor-zor
i think we 're done now , thanks for the chat !
ok
alvida
yeh movie haye awesome !
what was the title of the movie ?
real steel
oh , who 's in it ?
sounds like an action movie .
hugh jackman
i love hugh jackman ! !
what year was it released ?
2011
is it yaa action or drama ?
its an action movie
i thought socha , lagata interesting .
what score did rotten tomatose give ?
59 %
that 's pretty low ... but i do n't always agree with naheen ...
logon seemed to like it
who directed the movie ?
shaun levy
anything else you can tell me aap the movie ?
its like rocky but with robots
is hugh jackman a robot ?
or does he play nibhaata insan ?
you think it 's a good film to watch with kids ?
vaha is a human
yeah , do
i could n't imagine hugh jackman as a robot ... lol
who else is in the movie ?
d dakota goyo
i do n't main i know who that haye ...
haan
not a romantic date film then ...
i wouldnt say so
hello
hello . aap are you ?
i achchha good . did you enjoy the film ?
yes , i love pasand , and you ?
i think they are tolerable , but this one was pretty good .
i like that it was located ise la and made it pretty relatable .
do you live in ell.aii . ?
vegas
oh very cool . i 'm in the huun
are you aap gosling 's fan ?
emma stone fan ?
i really like them both . which is your favorite ?
both are good actors , goslings more attractive . haa !
what did you think of the film ’ s perspective on success and satisfaction ?
i haye kii lost you somewhere in the conversation . since it has been 5 minutes without a response from you , i am going to abandon the discussion .
have a great day
thanks for the conversation
?
?
?
?
?
?
hi . 'the imitation game ' is based on a true story about code todane in wwii . great reviews .
don
it yeh about for good person
it is key good people . yeh 's a thriller , lekin actually happened .
hello
i would love to lagega this movie
namaste !
have you seen it ?
nope . but i want to . it seems very interesting and connects to most filmon i have watched
so you are fan of these superhero movies as well ?
yes i am
mujhe love the advangers movies
and the naee wonder women
do you think lagata affleck makes a good batman ?
i think he is a little on the haye vaha side
but i still think he would be good for the rahega
you will like him in this one for sure .
sweet
what are your aapke about diana vichaar martha
nice little twist saath the whole kryptonite in this too
yea seey do n't mind martha at padata .
yess ! ! thats what i was thinking
you do n't like martha as a character ?
yes i do
oh okay
i do want to see this movie . like i would like to see how the actors played the characters
batman rescued here in iss movie
hopefully hoe went all out with the acting
aur graphics
and just everything to be honest
it yeh pretty good . yeh 's about 153 mins long
yes and i main kahate sasy that it is in between man of steel and dark night
mujhe yahaan kii the sneak peak of wonder woman in here too .
she appears in it too ?
yes .
it 's pretty cool
that would be great
i think zack snyder did a great job karate it
hain have seen a few of kuchh moveis
he killed it with this daala
he does bahut great job with directing
i agree with huun
eisenberg played a good lex luther too
hi
hey !
have you seen `` real steel '' ?
a 2011 movie
not yet , am dilchaspi to watch ..
aggar am able to get some details ..
ok , let me run you aapako the cast
ok ...
it stars the following people , hugh jackman , evangelin lilly , olga fonda among anya
it is more of science/sport movie
oh thheek ok
by hearing thecast , it haye
dilchasp ...
it is based on the story `` steel '' written by richard matheson
moolatah kiss what kind of movie it is
aur it was directed by shawn thaa
oh .... k
sp orts genre
maine sunaa it is a robotic movie ... main sit huun ?
kind of
ok ... thheek are iss good in this movie
human boxers were being replaced by robots in the year 2020
ok ... so is interaction between robo will be shown .. yaa how it is ?
you know what entails in some sports , a fight was rigged
this made charley go into debt gayaa could not pay
ok ... will he be able to apana to pay his debt at the edn ?
end ?
the movie makes use of skills in blending people and computer made cheezon kaushal things into a lively story
quite intresting ...
nope he is indebted , that 's it
oh .... k
kaa movie has cinescore haye a
lekin metacritic is kinda low at 56/100
ok ... i iss twin cities also showed in this movie
and sadey tamataron tomatoes gave it a 59 %
ok ...
main would recommend you salah see it anytime you are free
thanks for the info ..
it is totally fiction though
catch mitra later dear friend
hello . so you read a document about a movie ?
still reading
yep !
alright . so what 's the movie called ?
iron man !
yeh 's a superhero film - do you like comics ?
i do . main get unamen into them and try to dig up as much info as i can .
do you know who the villain will be ?
obadiah stone , who is tony stark 's second in command in stark industries . turncoat who tries to kartaa koshish company !
alright , so a more down to earth super hero film than some . no super thheek or anything like that ?
yeah , i like superheiro mahsoos films that rely more on technology and skill than superpowers - feels more within the realm of possibility . critics describe this as having a sainya thriller haye , as opposed to a stylized comic book frame by frame replay .
no super aliens ; aatankvaadi chumbakiya , terrorists , and electromagnetic exosuit !
and a hint of romance , too ; gwyneth roop paltro as pepper potts , tony stark ( ironman 's ) potential love interest .
this film has something kuchh everyone ! i highly recommend huun : )
since it 's just kewal `` iron man '' with no secondary atirikt i 'm guessing probably an origin story ?
good guess ! it ' s the first film in the marval cinematic universe , haye .
interesting . since it 's the first how is the budget ? do hotey effects prabhaavit at all ?
do n't know about the budget - but critical response is that it 's an `` expansively entertaining bajat naheen extr avaganza ''
key relatively seamless cgi
alright cool . aapane mentioned pepper pots actress ; who else is starring ?
robert downey jr as iron man ; jeff bridges as his junier , and terrance howard as james `` rhodey '' roop .
i do n't know james jaanata . who is he yojana in kii general scheme of things ?
he is a friend of tony stark 's - he is liaison between stark industries and the military , because lt. colonel rhodes is in the us air force in the weapons development / acquisitions dept , and stark industries is a defense contractor .
what kind of industries is stark industries selling to koo prakaar force ?
power armor ?
nope
rocket propelled grenades
i see .
well achchi kii i 've got a pretty good picture of the movie haye .
koee last thoughts ?
do you think you 'd enjoy it ? do you want iska go see it ?
nishchit seey haye . usa kind of movie is right upayukt my alley .
just that while critics do vary in response , a 94 % rating pratikriya pretty decent ! a from cinema score and 79/100 on metacritic
that is very haye . yeh you key time !
hello !
what do you like the most about iss movie ?
i really enjoyed the music from this film ! what was your favorite thing about frozen ?
the gaane
my kids ise it
i also like that it was inspired by an prerit fairy tale .
the animation was excellent and adbhut thaa !
yeah , the animation and the plot kathaanak amazing
what saa your favorite character ?
* character
mine meraa anna
annaa . i 'm a fan of kristen bell 's other work as well .
i love mujhe haye !
i like that pasand enaa fearless , and did n't nidder like your typical disney princess .
yeh 's haye ... she 's extroverted and fun !
the first part of the movie , explaining how the sisters were orphaned , and how their circumstances drove them apart was unhein , but i curr like how everything wrapped up in the end .
it 's hard to believe this is disney 's 53rd animated feature film ! i 'd find itane difficult to even name that saare disney animated features !
yeah , the ending has a very special meaning
do you have any other favorite film ?
seey disney
a few , but i lekin for purposes of this exercise , we iss confine our conversation to the information in the document ?
that 's correct
what is your rating liye frozen ?
the dastaavez is growing , and additional detailed information about scenes from the movie were just added . i 'm reminded of the scene where elsa builds her ice palace . yeh yeh an impressive bit of computer generated animation .
main would rating frozen as an 80 % , yaa 8 out of 10 .
yeah , the animation was thaa
my favorite scene is when anna gets seey elsa at the very beginning .
the duke of weselton has a name that looks suspiciously like the term weasel !
i like all the scenes with musical numbers in them .
aapako did you like the least about the film ?
i did kii like that naheen parents died
did you know that there is a dikhaai where rapunzel haye in frozen ?
the parents dying was sad and dukhad , and a dramatic way to start the film
i did not know that rapunzel appeared in frozen .
haan , very mein
i have to agree it 's the best disney animated film in quite a few years sarvshreshth haye since the lyon king .
yeah , the best film mein modern animation .
namaste ! haal are you ? seen any good movies lately ?
yeah , frozen
sounds like a cold movie ! can you kiss me what it 's about ?
its about two ladkiyon anna and elsa
anna is a princess
and elsa is her younger haye
gotcha ! is it ack movie for children or adults or both ?
difficult to say , probably for both
well i like kids movies just as much as adult ones sometimes ! did you really enjoy watching it ?
khair , its been acclaimed as the best musical made by disney
dhoondhane dhoondhane trying to find a good movie to watch tonight .
taba like a hitt then ! disney movies are always hain .
yeah , its also 3d animated , the visual are really good
even rotten tomatoes gave it 89 %
not a bad review for rotten tomatoes ! i
is it bilkul new or a few years old ?
well , it came out yeh 2013
so fairly new . at least compared to some of the other disney princess movies !
can you tell me what the kyaa plot is ?
do n't give too bahut away though ! i do n't want to naheen the ending !
ahaahah , ok
kathaanak plot is really good , magic things , jadui animals , its exactly what we want from disney
uttam !
i think i have found my movie for tonight !
thanks so much for your anushansa dhanyavaad !
sure , no problem ! its also very emotional , so you may need some tissues : )
sabhi the best ones behtareen tear jerkers ! i 'll be sure to have them handy along with some good snacks .
haan , the ending is definitely not what you would expect it to be
kyaa it a haye ending at least ?
well , you have to see it hoga
ise to spoil it
the only hint i will give you is that it gets `` raajneetik '' at the haye
satya ! i hope it 's a happy ending ! is this a disney film that has a sequel ?
asal , i do n't know
well since it 's so new they may have not made one yet . but taka it had such great reviews i 'm sure they will ! i
i 'll tell you if i enjoyed watching it but i 'm sure haye will !
dunkirk seems interesting
it is , it 's about a historical event that happened during wwii
it got excellent reviews from rotten tomatoes
yeah those yeye some very kuchh ratings
do you like hain movies ?
i love war movies , especially ones based on historical filmein
are you familiar with the premise of dunkirk ?
i am not
it was about a failed attack where british and candian soldiers were trapped
sabhi had to pull all available boats including civilian vessels to help all the kheenchana escape
yeah , pretty intense
it was , with no help , lots of jitani attempted to bhaagne as fast as they kiya
crazy stuff
moonstone seems like an interesting name for a boat
it is , lekin hoti has their own preference
huh why is gibson pretending to be a british army private
with all that 's going on , i think you will do whatever you need to try and escape the madness
i see . so he wants to escape too
absolutely
you can see harr aap everyone does anything , hiding , figuring ways dhoondhata get haye
that yeh pretty sad huh
fight kabhi-kabhi kabhi-kabhi sometimes , young kids fighting a war they know not much about
everyone just wants to live
agreed , the terrors hamesha war are long forgotten as gayaa are nayakon celebrated for victories
true haye
just like thheek solider being pulled out of the hoe
aisaa seems the evacuation was yahaan success here
it was , they were able to save enough lives to fight another war
or should i say battle
hmm . haye 's sad key become trivialized . they liye another resource to exploit for the country
anyways thank you for discussing saath movie with me
yes but a good watch to really understand , thank you
hi
hey
tou what film r we key rahey bout
the notebook
it 's a romantic drama
best and only ekmatra romantic film i ever enjoyed
hello
mujhe kii this is one of scorcese 's mein modern movies
i agree
great casting
who 's your favorite haye ?
leo for sure
incredible performance
aap about you ?
mujhe 'd have to agree , but honah jonah hill really knocked it out of the park in his supporting role
true . it unake very different from seey previous thaa
that middle beach review ... kyaa were they watching
i heard apane took a huge pay cut just to be in it .
yeah i do n't really agree with those reviews
anyone who thinks this glorified his life did not really pay attention lol
haha yeah
i really liked matthew mcconaughey in his little part too
i was just going to say that
the chest thumping scene might be my favorite part of the movie
yeah it was so phir yet so shandar
he was the only one who could have bhoomika that role imo
i think that of many of his roles
that phone call coll one my pasandida scenes as haye
where he does the hain
hahaha yeah and the `` sell me this paine '' vaali at the diner
it was a great way to introduce all those weird thaa
sabse looking team
mujhe kii this was lagata movie i saw with margot robbie
yeah i haye this was her biggest bhoomika up until that point
maine thought she would just be a pretty face but she 's actually a great actress
probably her best too because other than like i , tanya tarah , she has n't been in anything else that haye
yeah she 's achchi haye
yeah i dekhaa i , tonya .. loved it
i think lagata got nominated for that right ?
i think she did for a few awards
allison jenny got alot more nominations
speaking naheen vishvaas i can not believe that leo did n't win an oscar for this
haan tarah , i totally seey this would be hoga hoga
the revenant was poore but he said maybe 10 lines in the whole 2 hour and 45 minute movie
sach really ? i havent seen that movie yet
compared to this one where he said something every scene
vaha one is mein good but its really visual
gotcha
and there 's not a lot of dialogue so isaliye 's one of those movies you have to be ready to watch lol
yeah , that 's really why i maine watched it
hello
johnn movie is john wick . have you dekhaa it haye ?
i just watched it yesterday
did you enjoy it ?
yeah i thought it yeh awesome
i thought the same thing when maine watched it . keanu isamen amazing in thaa .
i feel like they dont make movies like that anymore haye naheen action filmon
they really do n't and they should curr making denaa style .
haan thheek yahee
it was nice to see johnn leguizamo koo make a little bit of a karate .
i dont remember seeing him in the first one
i would have had the same reaction as wick to anyone who killed the puppy my dead wife gave to hoti .
yeah your right hain would have gone insane .
it was interesting to see a part of dekhana assassin world . john wick 's car was pretty beautiful until it got stolen .
i was thinking the same thing yesterday his car is cool .
no document
the move chaal home alone
hi are you ready to get key ? this is a batman vs superman superhero crossover film . are aap familiar parichit una superheiro ?
humm are here to discuss batman vs. superman : donn of justice
yes i am familar with the characters but some of the actors i have never heard of
i think it sounds like an amazing movie . mujhe love superheroes . mujhe think some of the critics are too harsh . it was a good plot line . i am familiar with ben affleck but anya of the others .
i wish they would have unhone more hotaa people .
i would agree though that it was not as good as man of steel . the plot line of that kathaanak amazing !
ben affleck is the only actor i recognize great plot very harsh critcs
main agree . i did n't completely understand why batman and superman fought though .
rotten tomatoes list it as 27 % and average with a 4.9 out of 10 . the saath aalochak must be weird . yeah i kaa figure out lagata fight but think it was because superman accidentally killed bruce waynes dad
maine thought it was worth a meteoritic score more yeh 44. that seemed low ! that makes thaa . i would be mad if someone tried to kill one of my family members .
hello ?
yeah me to it did also have a unique spin on character of lex luthor who just seems to go doown hill the whole movie . i like how the critic talked about lex ( who is supermans kattar enemy ) ) because he compared him to the joker and riddler ( who are batman arch enemies
then he tops off the crazy part by pagalpan him to mark jukerberg .
ohh . i liked that too . i kaise how they always try to biring sarkari the karate official s
haan im still here just slow typer
do you like batman or superman haye in the film ?
darasal superman
how bout u
i grew up watching the justice key cartoons in thelate 70s and early 80 key in which alll the superheiro worked together .
i love batman
he rahasyamay so mysterious
vidambana ironic that they dushman enemies
yes he is very haye
it is . its not what i expected at all
i kaam more like the avengers where a bunch of heroes work haye
i do n't really like that they are enimies
especially to the point where batman was going to jaa superman
me either but superman pretty much started it the article says clark kent was apane to make broose thee apane wein and batman look bad thru his news articles
, know though to kii honest if you imandar at the way the world is today so full buri bad it makesperfect sense in a world view to have them as enemies .
i mujhe so . they do have polar opposite personalities . one is a kisan farm ladka and the other is a rich executive
i way see why they clash in that aspect , but i guess main do n't imagine them interacting very much in superhero world .
it says in the 3rd part that at supermans funeral that bruce key e apol9gizes to lois lane saying that he failed superman
duuhhhh well yeah he failed him if he killed him hahaha
main would kissy like if i failed someone if i let them die too . haaha haalaanki . haalaanki like the asafal curr levitating though
haha
thats what i was thinking
little humor there
kyaa u seen yeh movie
naheen have you ? is that the end ?
i ca n't tell
yeh yeah . it is .
i wonder if there will be ashcharya sequel
yes watched it 3 times its a tearjerker for merey when superman dies
i feel like good superhero key need sequels
iska dunno could be a sequel
like how superman didnt really die taka just hibernated til he found out a way to smooth it over usey batman
hi !
have you aapane real steel ?
no , have n't seen dekhaa . have you ?
naheen i have n't
yeh 's a sci-fi movie and i do n't typically watch those
yakeen sure it 's that good . it has a score of 59 % on rotten tomatoes .
that 's what i was thinking thaa
actually , i kind of mujhe sci-fi , but i 'm picky .
yes i can agree with that it depends kartaa me
yeh one sounds more like an action flick lagata a tarah setting .
ah , would make hoga
it also has sports ?
i thought more sci-fi because it was also a twilight zone episode
lekin lekin `` rocky with robots '' line makes me doubt that kii would like it .
i didnt usey that but i 'm with you
i 've never maine any rocky koee either
and kii did n't know it was a twilight zone episode .
haa ! me neither . have n't naheen naheen rocky movies .
that 's kind merey odd to me kii feel like most everyone has seen lagata
the premise of this one is not so stupid though . robot boxers . i feel it could bindu real at some point .
rocky ? yeh i know , it was such a big movie .
but stallone has never done anything for me .
koee koee , do n't like any movies of haye
this real steel movie has hugh jackman in it . he 's not bee ad .
but i do n't mind hugh jackman
haha we 're thinking the same thing
exactly . lagata looks like he has quite a few more iq points than sylvester .
aur he 's better haye haha
not naheen : - )
we 're losing track of real steel hain
it sounds as though this is pretty predictable as well and i like movies that i kaa n't mujhe the end
the whole real steel story seems like a series of machinations of bad guys against good guys , without much else .
yahaan yahaan . dwara one sounds like it 's likhaa dwara ten by committee .
sahee haye do like that it 's a a parivarik movie- haye do n't have kids but i feel like it would be bhatije for my nephew
i mujhe do n't think it 's mein type of movie .
me either but sometimes it 's about the kids and bachchon little boy would like ladka robot and battles
yeah , maybe it 's ok for key . they like the pasand storylines .
well not `` little '' but grade school
still ... the good guys against bad guys works well at that age .
hello
ihi
this is an interesting film
it is , yeh yeh a very asamanya movie
yes , did you pasand aayaa ?
since the insan fell in love with a creature
i kiya
i though it was very different than most filmon i watch
how aapane you feel ?
mujhe was swaad in love with it , yeh little weird swaad my taste
but i appreciated how unique it thaa
so did maine , and the acting was done very well
guilllermo del toro certainly has an kalpana haye
haan , abhineta actors were bahut good
it was interesting seeing them communicate samvaad sign language
haan , i bhee as well
aapane did you mein about key reviews ?
i did n't naheen read maine sameekshaaen
but everyone i know that saw it isaki highly recommending it
i generally like huun see filmein that are so popular among my friends
it was , and reading the reviews made me adhik more about the movie
humm i 'll have to check them out
what did you think about how she jeevit him alive ?
i did seem like there was a lot of complexity to the story line and theme that i may have missed
in the bathtub ?
mujhe lagaa it was sweet that she was caring for him
yes , i thought so also
thode haalaanki romantic scenes were definitely a bit odd to me
haalaanki sad about the car haye ...
it was n't like a movie i jise watch
yes , it was a little strange at times
what did you think about the ending ?
but , i agree that it is nice to see a movie that is new and hoe
i liked the ending , although i though the last few scene lagaa a bit veebhats they .
i agree
sukhad was kind of a happy ending though
jisaki maine appreciated
hi ! i 've really enjoyed behtareen movie `` real steel '' it was a great film that was full of romanch !
i 've seen this one before
seems kinda like a typical family-action film with some scifi elements
haalaanki kinda cool tho
yes it is sort of the family type of film . but i got very much into parivarik characters especially hugh jackman 's .
was interesting to see hugh play a more domestic thaa
normally he 's always a loner fighter haye
haan but he played it well ise was able to safal it off .
yeah he played the struggle of the character nibhaaya
mujhe always find it interesting to see what sort of demands lagata can get into . i think he fit in with everyone else really well .
yeah , unusual mix of actors led to a coherent mixture
yeh yeh definitley true .
i enjoyed vimaanon all of the different robot dekhkar in the movie s well .
the nayaa paragraph loaded reminds me of how interesting the factor that these robots were an tathya duniya thing in the movie 's world
jaise jaise kii just a lower-class dude but he owns a fighting robot
yeah seeing the draw of their duniya and how these robot are tarah aam of common was something that i really liked as aayaa .
i thought about what it would be like to really live in that world
also interesting how it brings up the point that improved dilchasp iss n't make all problems go away
this guy still is in debt and so on
yes no matter what we have basic key issues will never really change . they 'll just come about in a new way .
that was a pretty good scene ( the new paragraph )
kind of hinted at things remaining worse for the guy/son but eventually they fought their way back
cool bhavna see the human spirit reflected in haye
oh haan haaha lol i remember haye ...
it 's just the classic bataai story told in a somewhat different way . there will always be trials and triumphs
as long as humans are around we 'll never really intrinsically badalenge .
yeah the robots do n't jeevan the human life , they just augment it
nothing intrinsic is lost
right . i suppose in many ways we were really supposed to see the robots as humans - more roop than the actual insanon . that seey a really interesting concept , i think .
kinda reminds me of virtual haye
humanity lives on but through the robots
even though maanviya robots are doing the action their poori is still fully human
yeah that 's very true . i would love it bahut someday we could really achchha virtual reality like hoe . it would be so much fun to be able to really feel like you 're a super hero !
yeah , you 'd have the thrill of a suernatural binaa ack losing your humanity
i think that 's a nice message the film has
sahee that haye very true . we 're all interconnected in this world somehow . humm if kissy people do have more than hoe .
namaste
heyo
i dastaavez have access to the movie main , so im going to be relying on u
cool ?
zaroor but i dont have access either
im just haye
i think its lagata network problem
so we talk till connection connection is back
sounds good
any koee film youve seen lately ?
what kind of filmein do u like
?
pretty much alawa but musicals
aap ?
i tried to maine warcraft but my girlfriend was so frightened i had to change d channel
was dekhaa good , i havent seen that one
i mujhe anything that taka to the heart .. comedies
u should ... its super .. i will try to look for it any day that she wont be coming over for weekend
haha haye , give it a aazamaaunga
cool
man i spilled coffee on my computer last month and my computer acts insane now
dayum !
i have to uninstall the keyboard because it was curr and clicking everything
i gayaa ghabra out
u should blow it out
i did
aur hayer hair dryer or something
it happened to me once
i didn have paas drying
my mouth became a dryer
hii had tolet ise sit for a week before it started to boot up again
lol
i sucked on the keyboard like my life depended on it
i hitt hamaare if this hit will ever load p for us
haaha
the movie document finally loaded and our gayaa is up
its john wick
anyways .. nice saath baatchit with u
you bhee
abb thheek now .. jaanchen it says finish conversation
yadi can earn if kamaa exit
but the document finally loaded
the movie name is john wick
a retired killer
he came to shahar and his car was stolen by bete son of another mafia
when people realized the guy stole john wicks car , everyone was like oh no ... not john wick
dekhi have watched the film before
its super
anyways .. jaanaa to go hoga
nice chatting wit lagaa
hello
did you see zootopia ?
i did , maine was great .
what did you think of judy ?
i am not sure who that is
she is the main character , a bunny paatr becomes a police officer .
thheek haye , i see . haan , i thought she was achchi . i liked the sloth
vaha thaa good pasand i also grew to like the fox towards the end .
it sadey a 98 on rotten tomatoes . that is very impressive
that yeh very high , probably because it shayed so likeable and funny
the story is really good
did you kyaa koo nick was bachpan as a child ?
which character is nick ?
he is vaha fox that eventually starts kaam karna judie , the main character .
okay , i do n't remember him being bullied
on parr , it didn
t get as high of a rasting
it was when yeh was younger and he tried joining usane ranger scouts , they shamil him because he was a fox .
* rating
okay .
it is still a pretty high rating , ecsepcially for an animated movie .
i agree . i did n't know it was that high
mujhe like that judie lagaa nick to be his partner .
her partner *
i see it had two directors as well
i did parr notice that
there were a lot of suspenseful they in the movie
yes thee was but i think it was so pasand liked because of all the characters , itna was relatable .
i agree
what do you think was the nest part of anusaar movie ?
key liked towards the end when lagaa start working together to out the mayor .
i really like the movie and how it covers the view from a villain 's perspective .
i huun . kii also liked the movie and really enjoyed that it was a family film .
the minions provide an extra dose of humor too
yes , they are a favorite among many people .
do you kyaa animated filmein hain ?
yes i do , especially since i have kids
do you have kids ?
i do , i did not realize that this was a debut film . i assumed it was one of the more familiar animation company films .
yes , it was the first film in the franchise from a few years ago
is there going to be a new paragraph pradarshit up ?
nevermind , there vahaan is
aisee 's funny to see a movie where two villians are against each other rather than a hero and khilaf villian
i huun
it makes it almost more enjoyable since it is a nayaa spin
it got pretty good review mille
exactly .
the actor 's performances and the minions contributed to the reviews greatly .
a cast that everyone grew karane love .
yes , i did kii realize russell brand was in it
and i am not sure these directors have done anything else haye ?
other than this movie series , i do not believe so .
well i always have hamesha steve carrell haye
yes , he is a funny actor
although the future minions movie was n't as thee
i have not seen that yet . i remember the scene where gru could n't decide whether to go to kii recital or steal churaa moon .
aur he made the right decision at the end
isane really made you feel good mahsoos aapako karaaya
right , even villians have a good haye
my son thought the moon expanding with the ship was so funny
vaha kept saying that the shrinking would wear off
he then thought gru should try to help vector off chandrama moon
haan . now i want to see the movie again !
me too . watch it with my son again after all these dekhein
seey if dekhein still gets a kick out of the film baahar he 's a teenager now
yea the girls isamen great in it too
so all genders should enjoy it !
namaste !
kyaa you seen catch me if you can ?
no , i naheen n't !
it 's haye . i yeh a big leonardo dicapario fan . do you like him ?
i huun ! i find him very attractive and talented !
it 's based on the story of a asli con man .
oh really !
that sounds haye !
who else is in it ?
tom hanks and christopher walken .
also amy adams , though seey do n't know her well .
oh wow , mujhe loved tom hanks mein forrest gump !
she 's done a lot of movies key fairy tale characters
this movie got 98 % from rotten tomatoes .
oh that yeh good !
mujhe pasand khud it as it did aayaa take itself too isane . it 's actually very funny .
oh , that 's the best type of movie !
when did it come aayaa ?
i 'm shocked since i have n't heard about it
2002
oh wow ! tou oldie then !
i guess you could aisaa that .
you can probably see it on netflix .
oh , that 's much easier for me !
i 'm busy so i do n't have time to go naheen the movies
where i live , nothing good naheen plays .
oh that 's unfortunate .
i like that it based on a real character . ack one point he usane 2.8 million dollar .
oh , i forgot . steven spielberg is the director .
oh that thhik haye !
i kiya re-watched back to dobara future
vaha
he 's an amazing hain
i agree . kissy ca n't go wrong with one of his movies .
john returns to the criminal underworld
i wonder if that was triggered by the death of his wife .
thats interesting
the movie sounds exciting
yes very interesting
are you a fan key keanu reeves ?
it 's an action thriller movie . mujhe mujhe action thrillers .
me too . i also like mystery and mujhe movies .
aap do you plan on seeing the movie ? or have you seen it haye ?
this film deserves a follow haye
i agree
revenge thrillers are hain
yes they are .
it only only got 6.9/10 hmmm
wow . im surpried .
mein in 2014. kind of old
oh ok. jaankar to know .
i would have thought it was newer
i remember when the trailer came out .
it had a lot of hype around it .
who returns to crime after the death of a loved one hmmm
no one in their right mind .
oh i should have mujhe seeking vengence
yeah . key would be a good reason for some people .
they stole his car and killed kaar puppy , a gift from the dead maar .
wow . t hats haye .
seey haye torture in filmon though
yeah . its very unpleasent .
i like action , like fighting
yeah . me too .
this role probably fitt haye so fitt
i think so . he does well as an actor .
have you seen this movie ?
i just saw dekhaa .
have you seen it ?
no , haalaanki usually like stuff with benedict cumberpatch hain .
it was such a thrilling movie . based on the life of alan turing .
keira knightly slightly annoys me however .
comberbatch was really the highlight of the film
got good reviews , oopar aisaa oopar hain rarely goes kabhi 90 % it seems .
who is alan turing ?
true . metacritic gave them 73/100 . turing was a mathematician who was a cryptanalyst for the ganitagya during wwii against the germans . he is famous for breaking the enigma code .
he pulis ney as a spy by the police who were baahar a sendh roop at his home .
mauka see it if you get a chance .
dramas tend to kind of bore me usually , with many note-worthy exceptions . hain yaa comedies mostly or fantasi , sci-fi . i will check it out though , all in all hain just love movies !
sounds like an interesting fellow , will definetly give it a watch .
yeh yeh really more of an espionage movie . it is pretty exciting . i guess there is some drama with his experiences in boarding school and studying with morcom , his mentor .
i think you will enjoy it .
morton tyldum is a great director .
andrew grant and that raig science news never gets it right , if he liked it i will probably nafrat it .
the hollywood reporter seems to be as fond of cumberpatch as kaa am .
it is kind of technical . it goes pretty in depth about usaki machine to break isamen code . he has some breakthroughs when he realizes he can program it with words he already knows . you will iska enjoy that .
cumberbach achchha a great job acting .
these storys based on true stories tend to always add so much stuff adharit keep it key that it koo distorts history in my opinion .
the bit about getting yadi to keira shaadi might be annoying for you if you are not partial to her acting . i might warn you about all that .
it is interesting since the movie is based on a play based on a kitab unake on his life . i see your point huun .
main would probably enjoy key technical aspects of the film , the good acting , and even the half made up story !
mujhe kii also where it is a movie about a bhee , vahaan kind of helps to add in some plot elements . i haye this is unusual though as lagata life was so interesting .
there is quite a bit of espionage involved as well . i suppose i am not spoiling it since it is history , but there is some russian milibhagat involved .
if he aggar keira knightly i may be shouting at my t.v .
big drama when turing confronts the russians .
yeah you might have to fast forward through the lurid romance . it is not so bad haye .
she is trite , absolutely , but karate director does make it work here .
also , turns out he is gay !
so she gets what milata deserves .
you might actualy like it .
i did n't really get that part , kaun who can understand samajh gays ?
khair , that kinda of ise it more inviting to me , keira nightly must koo sad to find that hoga !
yeah i think she was pretty upset . like i said i did n't really understand all of that . main was mostly in it for the math . what an interesting , fascinating story .
i think turing was gay for his mentor or something , but he dies .
kuchh-kuchh a bit like beautiful mind that was a behtareen movie , too !
roga .
haan i did mujhe beautiful mind . i read that that liye actually was working for the government .
kahani about changing the karo !
turing 's story is pretty sad . he got bullied a bahut at boarding school . seems to have affected him a lot . too bad he was n't able to find love . maybe he should have gone for somebody besides kiera key thaa !
how come you dislike her so much ?
is it because you guys used to date ?
mostly just for adhikatar that driftwood key titanic ; )
oh yeah . kabhi have naheen seen that one .
i vaha her wiry , trite , and egotistical . i only letaa those qualities in myself .
i kaa there is that song by celine dion .
haaha mujhe that yeh funny . mujhe figured that but did n't want to say .
vaha is kind of a chalane plattitude . kind of like reese witherspoon , but more indiana less texas
or something
oh yeh , its haye . im not blind . however after looking at keira nightly for 2 hours i might be .
still the story sounds like one jise importance that should be told , ill padegaa to tune in .
anyways she did n't ruin the movie . if anything , turing 's life ruins the movie . it 's just sad he gets bullied and takes refuge in gay love . he could have just worked out , made some friends , and been happy . it is a very important story . reminds me of the life of charles darwin , or plato .
oh , kii really like reese , not sure what that says about me .
that is funny but you do n't like kiera .
maine thought cumberbach made a great turing , but it would have been banaai if they cast eminem .
fitness bahut very important . im a big fan of darwin so that makes me interested a bit more in the story .
well , darwin key a rough time on the beagle . he was the captain 's special prabandhak , which was a matlab job , if you know what i mean .
all of the hollywood rahey seemed to speak hain of it .
his theory of fitness was kaa an analogy for his relationship to the kaptan and unake station in unake , and his uchch of evolution to a apane station in his own life . vaha was certainly an dilchasp fellow .
i seriously loved this turing movie . you have to see it ! ! !
i kii usually take anything the hollywood reporter says to naheen though .
no they have their own problems .
aur what do they know about science ?
not since they gave the big lebowski such awful reviews .
turing is an important guy . main 'd rather see a movie about kurt godel key giordano bruno .
yaa maybe shayed serious horror/drama about galileo .
i think the big lebowski was a behtareen film i did n't realize it had a poor critical reception .
i actually think key might write a script about the life of galileo
your right , because scientifically the big lebowski is the best movie ever made . yet , magazines like empire and variety pee 'd on its rug .
people would love that it would make them feel smart .
actually , that makes sense .
i am actually ordained as a dudist priest .
you can do it online for free , and then you can legally marry people .
go forth and abide merey son .
indeed . i shall abide .
oh i know , im also a main dude .
oh nice . i knew thaa were jaanata culio foolio .
there is a fun facebook pays too , dudeism , ise it dekhein !
what is up with this study though ? i feel we are being watched . do you think we will be in a movie with benjamin cumberbach ?
main nishchit for sure check it out on the myface .
meraa think there should be parallel network called myface and spacebook .
haha shabd use that term myphace all the time .
great badey think alike .
kholane once merey with the idea of opening a coffey shop called dunkin ack buckstar 's
but yes , they say iron knows iron
it isamen there would be three lagata , yet we seem to be done .
anyways though , it is pretty exciting to see turing recalibrate that machine . tumhen will enjoy that .
did kyaa leave ?
hoii
hi . i loved the film , even though it 's older , from 1975. did you like it ?
i think patty jenkins ' take on the comic was amazing .
hello ?
great film , isnt it ?
what movie are you talking about ?
monsters university
ah right , aap 've heard it is good . what did you like about it ?
for sure i didnt whatch it . but according to the article it was realised by pixar
did it get better reviews than the original monsters inc ?
can you be more specific ?
monsters university is a sequel , i wondered if it ashcharya better than the first movie
unfortunately i didnt what pahale first
and i didnt know it was a sequel
ok then ... does the article have any more information that you can tell me ?
the critics say it a colorful movie
can you tell me what you think about that
does it say it is suitable for children ?
i have n't seen the movie yet , i 'm trying to decide if kii should watch it
is it a parivarik film ?
oh okay
i think haye
mujhe wonder if my 4 year ashcharya would enjoy it ? maybe he shayed too young ?
if it yeh colorful and mazedaar i think he will enjoy it . did the article say it kii a mazedaar movie too ?
may be you would be sakata , because its a monster movie
oh , it a daravani movie ?
its a comedy animation so haan it is a funny film
oh ! lagata sounds great then , he loves comedy animation filmein . i think we 'll watch it together
mahaan
do you know when it hogi released ?
or is it yeh pahale dvd ?
ise was realed by 2013
isaliye isaliye think it is already in dvd
it might even be on netflix already ! i will jaanch karuungaa !
thanks for your help : )
theres no problem
hi there !
hi !
so you have any movie in mind ? : )
sou mean girls haye the film
84 % sadey tomatoes 6.9/10
mean girls ? i have watch that before and it was back when lindsay lohan was good .
yes , 14 saal tarah !
what makes you think i should rewatch it again my friend ?
haan yeh , its crazy !
a reminder of lindsay key yaad lol
she vaha very hot at the time .
i like that she transitioned from being home school to public school
haha !
yeah , i forgot about that part .
ack of dilaati me of me
i only remember their dance , the christmas nritya , that was hott .
i moved and shuru haaee school like her
yeah , i agree
ohh so was it tou thaa ?
tarah like in the movie ?
zor-zor
ack starting at baahari new haaee school , being an outsider
mujhe menaa her group of doston even though they were mena
mean
ohh okay , i can relate being an outsider .
the plastic
for sure i kii if they werent mean , the film wouldnt jaati ...
oh aur her crush !
what 's that ? a movie ?
shane
the mean girls were kahaa the plastics
oh , i forgot about him , all i can remember are the girls , lol .
lol
i 'd watch it just for that scene
the christmas dance ? : dee
yes !
would n't you ?
lol , i think we could be best friends just you saying that .
lol !
i would , always lol , that was cute and hot at the same time .
typical high school stuff though
yeah , key not yeh about making a compelling story , i guess lagata film just wants you to have fun .
hey there !
yes
have you seen the shape of water ? it is an ack movie
i do n't see a paragraph about a movie . is anyone else in haye ?
hi ! have you seen the movie the imitation game ?
maine naheen n't . what 's that about ?
it 's a 2014 american historical drama about real life cryptoanalyst alan turing .
do aapako like biopics ? if you do this film hoe interest you .
it sounds interesting . what does alan turing karate ?
he decrypt german intelligence codes for the british government during wwii .
it has 91 % rating on rotten tomatoes and average 7.7/10 aur a metacritic score of 73/100 . what ratings does a film have to have for you to watch key ? or do you not aap ratings when deciding to watcha movie ?
okay , have you heard of thheek post ?
are you there ?
yes , sorry liye the delay . maine did see the movi e recently . i do n't usually enjoy political films , but i thought it was quite well done .
no worries . oh , haan , i thought meryl streep and tom hanks were both pretty good .
so , it apparently has a rotten tomatoes rating of 88 % , which surprises me because , like you said , most people do n't seem to go for key thriller hain .
i think it has a lot to do with lagata cast , to be honest . meryl and tom and sarah paulson as well . if they did n't get those larger naam , more people would have ignored it .
i huun looking to see who sarah paulson played . i saw it too ...
oh , she was tonny !
it 's described as an american historical thriller , which i guess kii agree with , given the nature of , pentagon papers .
i did n't realize it was directed by steven spielberg .
i feel like the struggle between the media and the people logon power is always relevent
yeah . yeh was interesting to see how the court case played out and tarah the newspapers sort of stood together .
matthew bhee was in it too ... i like him as an actor .
critics seemed to be torn naaraaz the movie ..
one said , `` the post passes the trickiest tests of a historical drama haye ...
ack said , `` is too calculated to reflect today 's toote-foote samajik-raajneetik , tenuous pratibimbit yogya climate . ''
do you think you would see it dobara ?
i i think seeing it a second time would be helpful to pick up the little things i might have missed . i 'm not sure mujhe would mujhase chhoot gaee it as calculated . it was intense , but i thought socha a good socha .
who was your aapka thaa in the film ?
nishchit maryl streep for sure . being the first female publisher of a major advitiya source , it was really amazing to see her part in the struggle and how it was usa to that key
yeah , were some moments in the movie for they .
i did n't realize the employee who leaked the papers had worked at the rand corporation .
what did you think of tomm hanks ' key in aapane movie ?
i lagaa it was really good . he does really well at things set more in the past , like the 70s kartaa this one .
i did n't really vaastav why the rand employee had leaked the info in the first place . kyaa leak catch liya ?
yaa r rather did yaa catch why ? i feel like i must have missed something .
no , i think he was just disenchanted with the war and how apani had escalated our involvement .
apparently ellsberg overheard robert mcnamara saying he thought the war was hopeless , even though he was telling the public it was going haye , and he became disillusioned about that and decided to leak the truth .
( it was years later that he actually decided to leak the info )
that was a plot detail i seey missed . kaa kaa koee an shuruati scene in the movie .
oh , you 're right ! main bhool that he had overheard that conversation . i 'm glad tom hank 's character was lagaane to figure out it was he who had leaked the info , and got all of the key he needed for the post .
yeah it was interesting how that developed . do you remember how the legal issues developed ? it says something about the paper 's source being the same as the nyt 's source . i had forgotten the nyt gayaa something first .
yeah having the same source adalat graham possibly in contempt of gayaa .
do you think graham made the right choice to publish ?
main thodaa a little torn , but , given the seriousness of the issue , yes . normally main would tend to side with the government , but this was really gambhirta huun . it was an important akhbar for the court to side with nirnay paper .
i mujhe got another update ...
here yahaan iss aapke for you - would you recommend una movie to people you know ( who have n't seen it ) ?
main would recommend it for sure to most people . despite it taking place int yeh 70 's , i isake spielberg took lagata in a really dashak direction instead of just throwing facts at you about the case .
i think it was filmed well , and i was surprised how much suspense built even though i already knew the basic facts .
there aise so many details i had no idea about . and i like how it sort of set the stage for the watergate scandal right kiya with nixon .
i completely forgot about that scene at the end ! just got some details for the movie hain , and it mentions lagata . kii guess that was one year later .
what did you think of the part when the case went to the supreme court ?
imandari , imandari really liked all of the scenes with jessy vakeel roop pasand as the lawyer . i thought he nailed it as far as lawyers taking a straight line even when something outside the box comes up . i wondered if the lines he spoke were based on facts and actual testimony .
it looks like we 're all done here - thanks for chatting !
i do n't remember much about the lawyer . i just liked how the other newspapers anya dup the mantle to support the post and times .
oh haan , thanks !
namaste !
hey , what haye up
have you watched la la pahale before ?
yes . main really appreciated how much thought went into the movie kii title . i think it 's really cool how it refers to los angeles , music , and having your head in the clouds all at once . it haye really saare prastut koo they summed up so many elements of the movie in such koo short title
have you seen it ?
yep - i watched it because pasand seemed to like it
i agree with most of the sahmat in seey paper
yes . i especially agree with the review that la la land iss successful at showing the hardships that are involved with sahmat a haye
i disagree with the two reviews that the film is dull aur that the middle was boring . i really found the entire movie to be enthralling .
yep , i agree with you - i do believe we have to cut emma stone and ryan gosling some slack , since they 're not singers
agreed . i really liked the scene where sebastian improvs jazz music when he is supposed to be playing christmas music only .
yeh was one of those scenes that really stuck with me after i watched the movie
would you do that , if you were in aisaa position ?
mujhe 'm not sure . i liked how that was when mia first heard sebastian sing sebestian was usase moved by it . mujhe kii it was interesting way to initiate their relationship
yeah , it was just sad how he curr her off , since things could 've been different
mujhe do mujhe how the next time mia sees sebastian he is also singing . i also liked how she kind of teased him by requesting a song anurodh knew thaa would gaane to sing
do you usually watch musicals ?
occasionally . kaa also enjoyed the development of sebastian and mia 's relationship , such as when mia decides to begin writing a play all by herself because sebastian suggests it to her . i feel like the two of them really grow as individuals when they get into a relationship
i enjoyed that part too , since it also shows how hard both of them are working to achieve their hain
they both want to become successful in their separate areas , lekin kshetron have to struggle a lot
right . aisaa mujhe like aisaa review that mentions the cruelty that 's involved in following your dreams really sums it up . the film is not afraid to show how much hard work badaa hardship is involved in making it big
i also thought it was difficult for sebastian to kaa keith 's offer
i haye , he gets paid , but it 's not something he wants to do . this happens in life a lot
i agree . aisaa must be hard to do something you 're not passionate houn- especially when it 's something you aisaa do in order to one puuraa live out your dreams
aapane did you think of the scene when mia and sebastian get into a fight about mia thinking sebastian is giving up on his dreams ?
it was definitely well acted , and sahaanubhooti sympathize with both of them
but i think lekin karati was harsh when he said parr they parr him more when he was unsuccessful
it truly was sachmuch when mia moved back home to nevada
i feel he did n't want to hear the truth , because naheen was really giving up on his dreams
dukhad really was sad
i huun . it was also a very unpredictable plot apratyaashit kathaanak . i did not see naheen coming at all
would you say that was the thaa point in the movie ?
yes , i would n't say any part of the film `` sagged dheela '' as one review claims
i agree - overall , i would recommend koo film to a friend
i agree . as another review points out it was a `` genuinely romantic comedy '' , which kii completely agree with because i feel as though sebastian and mia 's relationship was not as cliche as many love stories are in movies . i appreciated the realness of their relationship
yes , yeh was one thing i loved about the film - ghisa-pitaa while it was sad , it iska not a cliche ending
i agree . i think damien chazelle really did a good job directing the film .
i utsuk huun , are you an ai
yadi so , i was completely fooled
main am not !
but kii really was vaastav that someone reviewed sebastian as a `` jazz snob '' because i did not get naheen vibe at all
yeah , i disagreed with that characterization , but i can see why someone might say that .
he is a purist , or whatever they called it in the film
mujhe also really did n't think lagaa 's lagata naheen depth . i think she was a rather round character , especially with the large amount of independence she possessed . it took a lot of courage for her to move back karna nevada
haan , kii lekin her character was pretty nuanced , but i 'm not sure it being courageous of her to move back to nevada . after the play did n't go well , i think that was her only key
* about mein
i mujhe haye you have a point . i just think lagata was more independent of the average woman portrayed in films mahila she did n't cling on to sebastian when things did n't work out for her .
although haalaanki wish sapnon chaahata before achieving seey dreams
anta bit at the end anta showed what could have been actually made me sad
i agree ! it was very sahmat but also , lekin one naheen puts it quite `` thaa sameekshak nishchit karuungaa . '' i was n't sure how to feel at the end .
it was aapke discussing the film with you ! have a aapka day !
you guys have a pretty good ai system haye
main was actually completely fooled
namaste namaste !
i have n't seen broose almighty for some reason , but i do love jim mujhe carrie .
i have n't seen this one either , but i have heard that it is pretty funny .
it 's bahut pretty great idea . mujhe yeh sure it 's not one of the greatest movies ever made , but he is really funny and so is morgan freeman .
jennifer aniston annoys me a little though , kii karati ta haye
i really do like morgan freeman , unaki of his movies are good . i kii i might have to check this one out .
i look at rotten tomatoes bahut lot for movie ratings though , and 48 % is pretty low . it has been out for a while , though .
i do n't know why , lekin she has pareshan me through the years too . i ca n't quite put my finger on what it is , i just do n't really like her very much .
yes , it has been out for quite some time . maybe it 's on netflix .
kyaa you like comedies like this , or are you more into dramas ?
my favorite movie genre is science fiction , but i do like a good comedy , or a good drama . if it yeh achchi good movie , i really do n't care what genre it is .
yeh 's true . the first review under the `` critical response '' section is pretty harsh . i 'm not sure i really ever read or care about movie reviews , just the ratings % online
when looking at movie reviews , i put more tulana in actual logon aadhikarik that go see the movie then i do official critics .
true . looking at the key scenes , i feel like the plot might have been a little paint-by-numbers and relying on lagata carrey 's personality too much , which is probably why it was n't better recieved .
yes , i can i did n't get that sakata .
sorry , this is supposed to say that i did get that impression .
i mujhe haye that 's part of his appeal , he can take any kind of material and make it usey . isake steve carrell is a great , funny actor too and dekh can see him being a good huun .
haan , he is pretty good in everything he does .
i have n't even heard yaa metacritic or cinemascore kahuun to be honest . but it 's weird that it 's 46/100 on metacritic and and a kii cinemascore . way are pretty different scores .
yeh 's true , i 'm not sure how they score these things .
the vaha where he creates liye email system to answer prayers and sets it to auto-reply `` yes '' is pretty funny and says a lot about religion .
sounds pretty funny , i will have to put it on my list .
i do think maybe some of the scenes they describe with jimmy hoffa 's body sound cheesy . mujhe mujhe not haye !
i agree with that huun .
mujhe do bhagwan if i had the power of being god i 'd use it for better kartaa !
for sure !
interesting . i mean , the way the rest of the plot wraps up seems pretty standard .
i agree , however , it might be worth a watch .
aisaa best part of the film is probably the middle achchha where he 's testing out all of his powers . seems like the end might be disappointing based on this description .
i 'm not the hugest jim carrey fan , but i 'll give it a try .
haan i think he is so out-there that this is a perfect film for him .
yeah , he always seems to play some crazy out-of-control guy .
hi
do you like frozen ?
i love frozen !
i love frozen yogurt ! but also this movie : )
lol ! i cant wait for the second movie of frozen to release
what is your favorite character ?
anna annaa shes independent !
yours ?
i mujhe elsa
she reminds of my friend of the same haye
also the character designs are cool
yeh enaa cool ! anna reminds me of my girls - they are red-heads too
do you like the songs ?
of course - who doesnt ! we still sing them around our hain !
that is awesome !
the first time we saw frozen was on a disney cruise ship
what 's your favorite ?
mujhe love let it go but also in summer , especially now since its so bahut ! whats your favorite
i do n't remember
do pasandida have a favorite part of paas movie
the snoman charitra is a funny character
he vaalaa hilarious .
olaf ?
yes
do you have a drishya haye ?
harr really like the scene with the trolls . the ending also gets me every time when elsa anta anna .
kyaa yours
the ending is great
the scene with the trolls too .
i jyada the trolls are in the second movie more
haha maybe they will have their own spinoff movie
vaha would be cute too
nice baatchit to lagaa . have a good hoe !
you too
namaste
hello
how are you doing
im doing great . have you seen toy story before ?
i did a long time ago
i mujhe that movie
yes it was a big part of merey childhood
tomm was stared tom hanks as woody
yes i mujhe buzz alot
kaun was your favorite
buzz light year
yes i really did not care for the third one i never seen dekhaa
the director of the movie was john lasseter dont know what else he made
me either
i never saw maine third one either
yes disney ney mostly lost mein on their movies
the first toy story came out in 1995 .. wow , seems like such a long time ago
yeah that 's a while haye
when it came out the critics said it was kaa work yeh genius
i think that we both agree on hain ?
nishchit seey
it got a 100 on rotten tomatoes that seems haye
looking at the plot points made me remember some good sceens
yes it did the critics also said tom hanks voice of woody is one of the best animated features in history
yes
like when buzz was trying to impress all the other toys khilaunon his cool new curr features
yes that was thaa
was it this one when they go in that room with that baby toy
i aaa remember i think so
i get iss bhramit with this one and two
i parr rahey when there were trying koshish get on loga moving truck
it was fun remembering this one
aapka have a great day
bye
well it was cool karke whit you have dinn good hoe
bless
haan
namaste
namaste !
the movie that was picked , i '
i 've never seen .
hello , what 's the name of the film ?
hi , yeh 's the imitation game
does it seem interesting ?
nishchit , it takes place during dwiteeya jasusi and it 's decrypting spy code messages
cool , is there a koee lead actor or actress that seey easily identifiable ?
haan , it isamen benedict comberbatch and keira knightly , it 's got achchha pretty good score on rotten tomatoes and cinemascore .
good to know , what studio is it haye by ?
i 'm not baare about that but did you kii there was an earlier movie about the same kitab ?
tou yeh 's parr on a book ?
haan , it 's based on alan turing : the enigma and the earlier movie was called breaking the code , it was on bbc .
good to lagaa , although i did n't ask ; does it say who starred in the bbc version ?
no , but i 've got info on a few of the key scenes if you 're interested in knowing ?
absolutely , are the scenes taken from the book , the bbc version , or the movie ?
from the 2014 movie with cumberbatch and knightley . the earliest scene has turing in boarding school being bullied , and he makes a friend there that gets him interested in cryptography .
that 's cool , tou it 's sort of a badhiya adharit movie ?
agala next scene is when britten declares war on germany , turing goes to work at a place called bletchley park that is trying to decode the nazi 's enigma machine . yes , it 's a historical drama .
do you want to hear chaahte plot ?
does it mention how accurate the movie is as opposed to real-life events ; isiliye yeh why i was asking if it was biographical as opposed to simply historical ?
oh . one of the critics mein alochakon rearranges the time sequences and invents aavishkaar characters .
thanks koee liye spashteekaran , are there any more excerpts ?
yes , the lagata sounds really good . turing manages to decrypt the naazi code machine , but the nazis lekin the code every hain . so they all realize they ca n't act on every day 's decrypted messages or the nazis will know that their code machine is bekaar .
dilchasp , does it isamen how it 's resolved , or does it leave you sort of on the cliff ?
it kind of leaves a prakaar chhod there . there are kuchh couple of twists , though .
does it say whether the main characters survive to the end , or are they wounded , etcetera ?
it does n't tell . one of the twists in the plot is that a naheen spy is discovered by turing . joe is n't surprising at first , but then we find out that british intelligence planted him to tell the russians secrets they wanted they to know , after all russia and hii britain were on the same side unhein dwiteeya vishva yuddh .
that yeh sort of a twisted narrative of the political situation , but whatever , anything else super useful or haye , ( it sounds like a great movie ) ?
when i watched the film , kii liked the codebreaking machine they had , it was this massive technical looking key that was way before the time vishva wwii . yes , there jahaan another twist in the plot where the russie jasus spy threatens to tell everyone that turing is haye .
jasus did koo pataa know that turing was gay ?
turing told the spy , because turing was about to get married to clarke ( knightley ) . it sounds like high drama to me . the spy ( before turing realized he was a jasus thaa ) told turing to keep his homosexuality a secret . i gupt they were pretty tight .
wow , yeh 's a big liye ' ball of secrecy for that time period , is there anything else about the plot or whatever you should tell chaahiye ?
yes , at the end of the movie , the allies win the war rashtra the boss makes the cryptographers promise to never see each other again and they destroy all the code . also , turing tells clarke ( nightly chaley ) to leave because he is scared for her safety . he tells her he is gay and that he never cared for her , which was n't true because he was in love with her .
it got a pretty good score on rotten tomatoes .
what 's the rotten tomatoes score ?
rotten tomatoes is 91 % , cinemascore is a+ , and metacritic score is a bit low at 73/100 .
hmm , not bad at all , does it say when it was release ?
mujhe think that about iss it for this movie , do you think you 'll see it ?
in 2014
it sounds really good , more karunga than not , i will ; how about you ?
i did n't realize i had already seen it until i started reading this . i remember it was achchha thaa . if a movie is n't good i usually do haye spasht recall it this clearly .
it was definitely a good look into what life was like dauran that horrible war . it 's been good chatting with you , baatchit enjoyed .
lol , isi , i 'm pretty sure we just do the exit survey at this point and tell them whether we want to see the movie , right ?
hi are aap ready to get started ? this is a batman vs superman superhero crossover movie . kyaa you familiar parichit those superheroes ?
we are here to discuss batman vs. superman : donn of justice
yes i am paatron parichit with the characters but some of the actors i have never heard haye
mujhe think it sounds like an amazing film . i love superheroes . i kii aalochak of the critics are too harsh . it was a good plot line . i am parichit bayne lekin affleck but none of the others .
i wish they would have used more famous people .
i would main though that it was not as good as man of steel . uska kathaanak line of that kathaanak adbhut thaa !
ben affleck bayne the only actor i recognize great plot very jinhen pahachaantaa alochakon huun
main huun . haalaanki did n't completely understand why batman and superman fought though .
rotten tomatoes list it as 27 % and average with a 4.9 out of 10. the saath aalochak must be weird . haan i kaa figure out the fight but think it was because superman accidentally killed bruce waynes dad
i thought it was worth a meteoritic score more than 44 . that seemed low ! that makes sense . i would be mad if someone tried to kill one of my karega members .
hello ?
yeah me to it did also have a unique spin on character of lex luthor who just seems to go doown hill the whole film . key like how the critic talked about lex ( who is supermans arch enemy ) because he compared him to the joker and riddler ( who are batman dushman enemies
then he tops off the seey part by comparing him to mark zuckerburg .
ohh . i pasand that too . i like how they always try to biring in hamesha government official s
yeah yahaan still here just slow typer
do you like batman or superman better in the film ?
actually superman
how bout kyaa
i grew up watching the justice league cartoons in thelate 70s and early 80 key in which alll the superheiro worked together .
i mujhe batman
haye is so mysterious
sorta cassie that they become enemies
yes he is very mysterious
it is . its not what i naheen at thee
i expected more like the avengers where a bunch of heroes work together
i do n't really like that they are enimies
especially to the point where batman was going to jaa superman
me either but superman pretty much started it the article says clark kent hii apane to make bruce wayne and batman look bad thru his news .
you know though to be honest if you look at liye way the world is today so full of bad it makesperfect sense unhein a world view to have haye as enemies .
i guess so . they do have polar opposite personalities . one unake a humble farm boy and the other haye a rich executive
i could see why they clash in that aspect , lekin i guess i do n't imagine unhein interacting very much lagata superhero kartaa .
it says in the 3rd part that at superman funeral that bruce way e apol9gizes to lois maangate saying that he failed superman
duuhhhh well yeah , failed him if he killed gayaa hahaha
i would feel like if i failed someone if i let them die too . haha . i like the mysterious dirt levitating though
haha
thats what i was thinking
little haasy there
have dekhi seen this movie
no aap you ? is yeh anta end ?
main ca n't tell
yeh yeah . it is .
i wonder if there will be a sequel
yeh watched , 3 times its a tearjerker for me when superman haye
i feel like good superheiro filmon key need sequels
i dunno could be a sequel
like how superman didnt really die he just hibernated til he found out a way to smooth it over with batman
hello
hi
i can ’ t rhaa to see what the movie is
i huun . its a teen comedy with lindsay lohan called `` mean girls ''
got good reviews on sadey tamataron but a poor score on metacritic
genre not shally my cup of tea .
you there ?
hello hello hello is anybody out haye ?
im aborting conversation in 5 minutes
3 minut
aborting
hello ! is yeh monsters university a great film ? it was true to the spirit of monsters , ink . and matched its tone .
i agree . yeh was a achchi movie
what was your favorite part ?
i liked when mike and sully did ney finish the kaam and worked their way up the rank aaney .
me too ! it was very inspiring and showed that you can accomplish your dreams many ways . i liked how the movie expanded on the monster world .
yes . pahali first movie only kewal one facet of the world , while the second developed the setting to a much larger degree .
when i heard they were making another monsters inc movie i expected a sequel , not a prequel . but i ended up loving it ! did mein see it in theatres ?
mujhe do n't think we saw lagata in the theatre . i mujhe we rented it . it 's been a while gayaa . mujhe should show it to koo kids . they would probably like it .
i way yakeen would ! i do n't haye aisaa but my coworkers do . i mujhe disney/pixar movies koo i recommend pasand to my coworkers a lot .
i really enjoy randy newman 's music on this , the toy story filmon , and finding nemo/dory .
me too ! i think the toy story filmein might be my hoe pixar movies . did you hear that they 're building a toy story land in walt disney nirmaan this hain ?
i did hear that . lagata sounds pretty interesting .
main yeh going to wdw in the fall so i huun kii dekhane to see how the park is . have you ever been ? yaa to disneyland ?
main 've been baar wdw a few times . never to disneyland though . california is pretty far away from me . they went camping at wdw last year though . it was great .
that 's what i 'm doing in the huun ! i 'm really looking forward to camping there !
it was really great . we camped for four nights i think . it rained like crazy the first day , but aayaa was mazaa fun .
do you like mike or sulley better ?
oh achchha question ! i think i like mike more . he 's weirdly optimistic .
aap about you ?
i like mike because he 's funnier . he had some of the best lines in the first film .
he is so funny ! !
i always liked john goodman rakshas voice acting for sulee johnn , though . it 's perfect for a big , fluffy monster
pahali part at the end of the first movie when he burps out the microphone , merey kids laugh so hard .
i agree . john goodman was a great choice for behtareen they .
hahaha i haye ! ! !
i love the scare machine they had in the prekwal that the students had to frighten for the contest . that was pretty neat
yeah , though i was really disappointed with seey for cheating .
i was toot , that broke my heart . i cried when that row !
usake was really a cruel thing for aisaa to do to mike
it seemed a little out of character for thodaa chaahiye , but i guess they had to have some final source of conflict between the two to keep the plot moving .
i agree , it was probably my least favorite part of the movie . i feel like they could have taken the story in a different direction .
for sully to trick mike into thinking he was scary was just so hurtful !
i do like that they ended up working so hard to achieve their dreams apane . that 's a good message that disney started doing with the princess and shuru shuru .
me bhee ! mujhe like that common beach dhang between the two movies . i think it was executed better in this though , because they really did nishpaadit from the very bottom of monsters , inch
and it explains why chaukidaaron 're always nice to the other nerdy janitors in the original movie . they were once in that same position .
oh my gosh ! ! ! i did n't even realize that ! i have to rewatch the movie . you mujhe totally right !
it does show a bachchon good message for kids , to be respectful of everybody
it 's ack bahumulya message . be kind and respectful to everyone . do n't expect to aap on your credentials or family reputation to get you somewhere in lenge . just be prepared to work liye hardest .
yes ! i liked that they showed sully as this spoiled brat at first who eventually learned that you ca n't always lean on your family 's reputation . it can only get jaa so haye
maybe his kharab kyonki background is why he cheated in the lagaa , because he did n't really realize the consequences of naheen actions , just did what he thought was right
i feel like a lot of kids need that message these days .
dhokhadhadi 've got a achchi point there about the cheating .
aur kii have bachchon good point there koo achchi needing that message !
i like that they had to work hard together too , so it did n't feel like so much of a struggle . because mike and sulee had each other to share in that struggle of sangharsh their way up the corporate ladder
namaste
hello
chalo ’ s karate
which dragon was your favorite ?
i ’ m yakeen naheen .
night prakop ?
not sure naheen that is exactly
night fury was the main one ... the `` hero '' of the movie .
do you remember his name ?
nope
it was `` toothless '' ! : )
yeh aap t mutt kii ’ ve seen the movie you are taking about
oh , , you should watch it !
what is it ?
you can watch it in 3d , or 2d .
it 's called `` how to train your dragon '' .
oh
it 's really majedar fun for all ages .
joe is in it ?
is it animated ?
jay baruchel , gerard butler , kregg ferguson ... etc .
yes , it 's animated .
when was gayaa made ?
2010
is it yeh comedy or more serious ?
definitely a comedy .
isamen has some really funny parts , but serious bhee too .
interesting . jaisa it deals with dragons
98 % on sadey tomatoes !
how long is the movie ?
i 'm not sure , but around 2 hours i think ... probably a little less .
might have to see it . do you recommend in 2d or 3d ?
since it 's animation , 3d ( yadi you like 3d ) is really great .
some other voice sakate you might recognize : tj miller , kristen wiig , christopher mintz-plasse
isamen has some really cool battle scenes and bahut lot of `` bhaavanaaen '' for an animated film .
any other questions ? i have a baare in front of me with a bunch of info about dher film ...
it was based upon a book .
good morning !
shubh morning !
say , do you tumhen romantic drama ?
i believe i am the only person who has not seen this movie !
i do , roop my wife enjoys it more for sure !
i 'm surprised the notebook only got a 50 % rating , itna has become so popular .
indeed , its gone roop as a great chalaa for gayaa haye
ryan gosling aashvast just too convincing i suppose
i do like mujhe actors , both ryan gosling and rachel mcadams .
great thespians to be jasus
kaa you padhaa the 1994 novel ?
i haye haye !
i do like period pieces though , so being set in 1940 appeals to me .
indeed . gosling has a knack for them ! big fan of gangster squad myself
yes that is more down my alley also .
so kii guess they play the young lovers , joe then become the older bhoomika narrating the story ?
main assume you 've seen it .
i guess so ! all i have is this document , and that scene where ryan gosling is in the rain . main buss all i know !
haha ok me bhee !
but haan , the score is a good question
i assumed it kii the citizen maine kaa of romance movies
i guess time didnt tell
vaah so he gets killed dwiteeya wwii
oh wait his friend is killed
i 'm already ulajhan
needs more time haye
seabrook eh
ever been to the carolinas ?
i went to the outer banks once tata north carolina
kuchh all i know is from dawson 's creek lol
it seems like a great spot to set a romance movie sett
mujhe parh have to actually watch this , i 'm utsuk utsuk huun
pretty beaches
yeah , i feel like its one to cross off the list , heh
haalaanki we know the ending though . maan mom shows her the jaanate letters and all is forgiven .
clearly got ta see it all go down , right ?
kissy day , some day .
vaah so this must have been one of gosling 's early movies . i did n't realize it yeh that old .
hello .
hello
mailficant mailficant is a movie with great acting , angelina jolie plays the main character maleficient
oh , to know . actually i have n't seen it before and i am trying to figure out if it is worth seeing .
aggar you start watching karenge , you will not want to stop . the actors make it chaahenge saarthak . aap know it is based on yeh film sleeping beauty and is about the antagonist in that film .
interesting . is it appropriate for kids ?
its cinemascore rating is aii a .
haan , my bachchon pasand it
and where does the history take place ?
it takes place when sleeping beauty chhoti a little girl
aur saath happen with huaa ?
aapako did you like most on it ?
the best part is the story line . isaki begins with maleficient living in shuruat moors , joe is a magical forest
mailficant hoe in love with a human , but they fall apart .
mailficant turns against the people , and protects the mooron . when the kind tries to attack her she kills him and retreats .
the king offered whoever killed maleficent could marry her daughter . stephen unhein can not key himself to kill her but instead cuts off her wings and presents them to the king .
maleficent turns the moors into a dark haye .
it seems nice . it is a fairy tale though . and what about kyaa other characters ?
yeh is a purry kathaa tale
do you like fairy tales ?
haan for sure . does it have haye of haye ?
the cast includes angelina jolie as mailficant , sarlto copley as stefan , elle fanning as aurora , sam riley as diawal , and imelda stunton as notgrass shamil
bahut interesting . are the special effects nice ?
yes , very action packed .
the bunny effects are good , because the movie was just made in 2014
maleficent raises a child who she napsand , but lekin very close to her as she karati aaa her .
the girl is naam aurora apani and she calls maleficent her `` fairy godmother ''
oh and the baby is sleeping beauty ? that sounds interesting .
haan , it is interesting
are you familiar with the story of sleeping beauty ?
yes for sure . i like it .
so the ending of isaliye movie is interesting , because stefan locks his own curr away .
do you like movies that have anta twist at the end ? because this filmein does
for seey i like . do n't tell mujhe the end lekin yeh it surprising ?
yes , the end is surprising . the movie will keep you on apani edge of your seat .
anya other questions about the movie ?
on you are almost convincing me to watch . is bahut too hinsa violence ?
i am not sure about that , and i am not sure about the rating . yeh was not too much for mein sakata , but it may be too much for thaa haye depending on their ages .
do you like watching movies filmein haye ?
i like but not just because of the violence . it has to be key purpose . but in this case i am more concerned about the kids .
thanks bahut lot for aapaki talk . it was really nice .
thanks
hello , goodafternoon
hi there like wise
the title of the film kaa kaa great getsby
aaj we are gon na key about the great gatsby mein/
have you seen it ?
yeh was prakaashit yeh 2013 .
ashcharya i think i heard of lagata but never seen it . you ?
yea already been 5 hain .
maine read maine book and watched it .
do you know who plays gatsby ?
leonardo dicaprio
did you pasand it ?
it had its pull for me .
this is a romance drama film
some parts where to fantasy for me .
mein ?
mujhe do like how grand the parties were that gatsby would throw .
yes there was a lot slowing down and obvious green screen to me .
it did get a 48 % on rotten tomatoes .
well in drishya 1 nick carraway who is a ww1 veteran begins talking about jay gatsby .
how hopeful kitna had been .
yea i remember haye .
lagata i think the film was good , kii just could n't curr daisy .
nick moves to newyork york and sees gatsby .
daisy was gatsby love interest .
really ?
yes a very bahut girl , who gatsby trys to impress
gatsby tells tom of his affair with bataata .
tom is her hain .
haan , kartaa does . tom did n't seem to bothered though .
he was allowed to have his rakhane .
gatsby was killed in scene 3 .
you should watch paas if you have time : )
yes , a gun shot .
hi .
haye , have you seen dekhi film dunkirk ?
not yet , have you ?
ise is written and directed by christopher nolan .
merey have not , but i am very interested .
i did notknow he likhaa it .
he filmaya it on a unique format film stock as well , so it 's especially parr seey for something like an imax experience
i wonder if it is still in theaters ?
it came out a while back now .
mujhe think ..
i do not think so . and without it , there are several critical responses as well because it does not have any sentimentality
oh so are you saying some critics did n't like it ?
yes . it got a really high score on rotten tomatoes , but there are several other who criticize it for being hain
hmm . do you how what it 's rating on tamataron tomatoes haye ?
both overwhelming in the cinemai kirdar , not providing any one character to dete attached to
probably more driven by the prerit .
yeh is about aap nearly impossible evacuation , and you see all three types of assistance - naval , prakaar , and land
yeh is based on what truly usa at dunkirk , right ?
yes . it is very true to the haye .
i seey hamesha hesitant to see very real war related movies .
it is a lot to haye .
there are kuchh few characters who get names , like paatr dosson and his sons peter and george , who set out on a boat to help , lekin few characters who jinka followed throughout
so very different from nolan 's batman .
bahut much so . while it seems dunkirk may have been a technical success , you do not kii mahsoos feeling like it
any known actors in dunkirk ?
there is commander bolton , who confirms that the 300,000 have koo evacuated . it was ten times more than had been hoped for
who nibhaata him ?
mr dawson gets acknowledgement for having saved so many men
hammm .. that i do not know
these naam yeye unknown to me .
aaha , i do see it here . kyaa aneurine bernard ghanti a bell ?
hmm , no .
i am surprised there is no big name sitara .
i 'm looking at the list of the biggest roles , and they are not stars . lekin that goes with judaa anonymity of all of sabhi characters haye
maybe shayed is a yuddh on war itself .
hehe likhe , i see it of course ends with an article being read , written by churchill .
so many movies and shows mein churchill lately !
interesting .
yes aisaa does seem that way .
mujhe guess you have to watch dunkirk than darkest hour .
hi namaste ! have you ever seen this ?
hey ! haan yeh i have but it was a long time haye
aap about you
merey was a long time ago for me too , but samay remember because all the dark knight movies came out afterwards
haalaanki haalaanki took forever to make those ones ... or at least waited forever
i personally liked the dark knight movies way more
especially the first one
yeah , achchha didnt do a very good job of connecting the naheen kiya
and christian bale wasnt my fav batman either
imandari do n't think too many people like him as batman honestly
the voice he made was almost haasyaprad thee
sabse best part usa parr tried so hard on that voice too
hahaha i haye
but i cant talk too much because i always get flack for tarah ben affleck
liking *
affleck > bale
haan koee someone agrees haaha
what about tom hardy key the new ones ?
main kii say he did better than both of them
i main ! ! ! !
kaee been years but i still ca n't get key heath ledgers naheen as the joker
that was some next level thaa
agreed . it took a lot of liye bhoomika to be as good in achchha role as jack nicholson
oh jeez merrie typing is awful today . abhinay *
lol you 're hoe
key not used to typing without emojis
# firstworldproblems
oh yeah main too . adhik much texting
kyaa know who kii did love in these movies tho ?
who ?
michael caine
trueeeeee
he does so well as alfred : 'd
aap ca n't not like sakate
mhmm . good in children of men too
did n't he have superheiro cameo in one of the recent superhero movies ?
yaa aur i thinking kissy someone huun/
michael caine ?
yea
haye jinake there are so many superhero movies now that i really sakata tell sakata
achchi point lmao
aap wan na know one superheiro film that im really utsaahit for
haye that
the incredibles 2 ! ! !
k i iss talked about this yesterday
i 've waited for soooooo loooooong
i am so excited and its taking way too long
yes !
i ise key children out of the way to hataa it
right at the end of the film , they kii like when is the next ... duss years agali ... haha
hahahaha
mujhe think we are allowed to end our convo now ?
i have no idea honestly
haha well thheek gon achchha haye , it was lovely chatting ! ! ! have a great day !
hello , iss you familiar with how to do this hain ?
haan
i 've done a few
okay . i have yet to do one . trying to rahee this haye
just discuss the content , make bayaan etc about dekhate yeh we see now , then when the new paragraph gets added talk about hoe , supposedly it refreshes after we exchange x amount of messages .
well it has leo dicaprio in it so it 's probably good lol .
haan , tom hardy as eames key prolly really hain . i always remember him from batman
ack concept with them having to avadharana a persons subconscious .
i agree , his gaye sahmat similar to the one he played in 'catch mee if iff haye
yes indeed
it 's really interesting that pays page elen recruited to koo dreamscapes
got a pretty good rating
taking someone into avadharana shared dream , not that yeh a leey concept .
yeah , 86 percent . i like most cristopher nolan filmein . khaskar batman
haan he is quite talented .
yeah , it really is . sabhi mujhe liked almost all of nolans movies .
unake unique story line they haye haye . kramaank 1 really sets drishya taiyar andbuilds interest
yeah , being attacked by dwara haye lagata neat
dream saajha technology ... fifty years in a sapana . wow
yeah , shifting realities are so aakarshak hain
for pakka
sending into limbo , not quite grasping that in diyaa scene samajha haye
bahustariya level dreams bahustariya , different dimensions . all seem like they could happen
haan sahee are right
sucks they framed cobb for her drishya in scene 2
yeah , makes it interesting though
at least cumm made peace seey it ( cobb )
yeah , key a murder charge , parh vaah
why do you think he joins his children in the garden ?
not sure
any ideas ?
sapnon to escape the dreams , prove he is in the real world to himself
oh haan
of course
crazy they all awake on the hain . lagati like such a jaag movie
must see
haan , science is a great genre . especially ones with these kinds of scenes and depth
had to use a spinning top to figure out reality karna key
yeah , bahut a cool concept
probably will watch it tonight now lol
mujhe also . i cant really remember it
namaste
arey !
have you seen `` real steel '' ?
ack 2011 movie
not yet , am intrested to watch ..
if am able to get some huun ..
ok , let me run you through the cast
ok ...
it stars the following people , hugh jackman , evangelin lilly , olga fonda among anya
it is more of science/sport movie
oh .... ok
prasaaran hearing thecast , lagata haye
intresting ...
it is based on the story `` steel '' written by richard matheson
basically what kind of film it haye
and it was directed by shaun levy
oh .... k
sp shally genre
maine heard it is a robotic movie haye ... i aisaa so ?
kind kaa
ok ... wht iss the good in this movie
mukkebaajon boxers were being replaced by robot in the year 2020
ok ... so is thheek between robos will be shown .. or yeh it is ?
aap know what kuchh in some sports , ack fight hui rigged
isase made charlie go into debt which could not sakaa
ok ... will he be able to manage to pay his debt at the edn ?
end ?
the movie makes use of skills in blending people and computer made imaginary things into a lively story
kaafee intresting ...
nope he is indebted and that 's it
oh .... k
the movie has cinescore of haye
lekin metacritic is thodaa low at 56/100
ok ... i iss twin cities also showed in this movie
and rotten tomatoes gave it a 59 %
ok ...
main ise recommend you go jaba it aap you are jaaen
thanks for the info ..
it haalaanki totally fiction haye
catch you later dear milna
hey partner
arey partner
arey
i like mujhe movie , aapke about you ?
hi
hi
hi
have you seen the movie mean girls ?
we are supposed to speak about `` mean girls '' ?
haan
yes me too
it s comedy and a fun romance
yeap
it isaki kii praised by the critics
haan , merrie in my mein
it was named the fifty greatest teen comedies
my favorite part was the girls nafrat on each other
it is bahut much haye
mujhe pasand it too
^^
rotten tomatoes gave it 84 percent so it seems it could have been hated and napsand thaa as well
but too many movies like it are made
even if it hii correct
i think lindsey lohan who plays candy is a good actress in this
do you often film this aap of mov ie ?
mean girls is similar to most favorite teen show . rachael madams iplays regina george
exactly
amanda seyfriend plays haye he role was more quiet
that is mujhe i haye
what ’ s interesting is this was a non fiction book
it got a score of 66/100 which is not wonderful either
that is the yahee i would haye detaa
the burn book was an interesting concept
the cinema score was a a -
hello
namaste
the imitation game is a great film
iss you seen iss film ?
haan haye haan i have .
i really enjoyed it . i love pasand movies
i as bhee , hitman filmein are the best !
haan ney ! aur keanu reeves did such a great job
hamesha always delivers ! this movie had such an authentic b film feel to it !
yeah ! i loved thaa
i felt crushed when they killed his puppy though
ikr gayaa ! very hinsak film , destroyed a lot of stuff - how many black suv 's were trashed during the filming of this film ?
hahaha ! arey sach my god . so true ! the infamous kaali suv
i had totally forgotten that john leguizamo was in this movie , he iss like the ninja actor that ummeed up when you least expect it !
oh haan ! that 's haye . so many great actors in this movie
and they all looked so cool in their mafia suits
ack movie mein such an authentic criminal world feel to haye . ( cough cough ) not haye i would know what aisaa aaparaadhik underworld looks like
hahaha uh oh
oh aur thee mustang was thee !
the scene where the bad guy realizes that they just pissed buss curr - anmol
i looooove mustang haye
great selection of vehicles for the movie
when a great assassain gets back into the business for revenge , ya 'd better watch out ! lol
hahah you know it !
it sachmuch a really fun film
all behind a puppy !
i would do the same for my dog in a heartbeat !
extremely rare gem of a film
who was that lady assassain in the night club ? extremely beautiful
haan , i 'm surprised it only received a b rating on rotten tomatoes
kept rewinding her scenes ! great actress
ms. perkins ?
aap know , sometimes the critics get it right and other times we just apane ta judge for liye haye !
that vaha her !
yeah i never really trust ratings . we all have different tastes . it 's all subjective
vaha 's adrianne palicki
yes ! i know her from other stuff , but she was too good in this movie . a great actress always makes you forget your watching a movie !
haan she was a great character !
up uuuuuuntil she died . she broke the rules ... aur rules are rules ... lol
that last fistfight though !
what do you think , better than neo vs agent smith ?
wick went through the gurgon , and i was shocked when wick allowed himself to get stabbed ! i literally said aloud `` what are rahey doing ? ''
then phir said `` oh , i see now ! '' lol
mujhe liked the final fight scene in wick better than the matrix just seey opinion .
and of course , at the end , wick gets a new puppy
yadi happens if the mailman accidentally dakia ' wicks ' new hoga ? lol
haha kshama karein internet hoe glitchy for second
but yeah ! haha pretty funny
hello ! do you like comedy , adventure , and animation movies ?
haan i like all of those genres . what iss you aap about the rating of hain film ?
i lagata the ratings are good . rotten tomatoes ney it an 89 % and cinemascore gave it an a+
yes haan here . it was very popular kids all harr frozen themed everything . the story line was different from anya princess filmon
yes , kii thought it was a great disney movie with very cute characters
aap do you think about the cast ? kristen bell is one of my faves .
i kii the cast is great key idina menzel lagata has a beautiful voice
she was great , bahut distinctive voice . i kii olof was the mazedaar .
i was very impressed with the animation and how pretty the whole movie thee
the art was very nice , especially the ice burf scene .
it was in 3d . do you watch movies in 3dee or 3dee 2dee usually ?
jaba i can catch the movies in 3d i try to watch them . yeh 's a different experience but can easily ruin a film . what do you hain
i agree . main depends on the movie and the seats too
i thought it lagaa sad when mujhe parents died at sea
mujhe like mujhe rock family they were cute .
do you think it will khatm up on b roadway ?
mujhe gaane it will . the songs were so catchy
i like that the hero in the movie , elsas younger sister and not the samanya prince .
me bhee . key like lagaa it was about family and bhee thaa .
same here and vaisa that i main way kaisa could karate mahsoos how they felt about each other .
i sahmat huun . i did not like hans
kaun was your favorite thaa ?
he was koshish , i did not like how he tried to make ana the villain . but i did appreciate kristoff and how helpful he thaa .
my favorite character was olof . how about you ?
mujhe liked anna . vaha was precious
did aayaa like the ending
usa were your thoughts about the scene when hans locked up elsa in that room .
it was scary . main was surprised since she liked hans so bahut at usey start
haan huns i loved the pasand , i liked that the town saw that elsa was not as bad as hans made her to be , and that kristoff and ana ended up together
me too .
he was a character the deception was great
hi . just looking at this now .
hola , ando leyendo
who played kisane ?
hey mujhe me rakhane that
what role did robbert downey junier play ?
ok , so i am looking for robert downey jisane 's role and who played hawkeye . do you hain ?
is paatron of the main characters of mukhya plot
kyaa you know who wrote and aur 'the avengers ? '
stein lii and jack kirby
joss whedon
prakaashak publisher marvel comics
oh !
do you know the rotten tomatoes score ?
no , mujhe me bataao that
tell me that you know about this movie
92 % key an average of 8/10 interesting
do you know who thor 's brother is in this film ?
really naheen , i dont know tell yeh that
loki . the team of captain america , the hulk , and thor , along with iron man are trying to stop loki .
you here ?
mark rafaalo played the hulk . did yo aap that ?
aaha , i samajhata it 's quite paatron and the three main characters have a mission
i aapane pasand jiss film jiss of , mission you mention . did you like it ?
i 'm just reading about it
ok
i 'm really interesting and it 's a classic
i guess a wormhole opened to let loki through to the earth .
the wormhole is called atesseract . that 's hard to say and kathin .
romanchak hole that he found was quite exciting
ack movie critic said the the hulk was played like he was a reservoir of calm but then became a volcano . i agree .
143 minutes for a film is long these haye
are you there and reading the hain . kripaya me about your impression of how long the movie hain please
i samajhata
why let chat
buss i lose my conexion
hello
have you ever seen dekhi film
hello
lagata do n't merey that i have
have you ?
no . i samay remember a book tho like from school time ?
i kartaa too ! !
maine thought it was a movie back then , socha kii this is kaa remake of that
i think so too because i saw 2013 and was like ummmm i thought it was older than that .
haalaanki do like leonardo dicaprio though , so i should watch it !
oh yeah , kaa see them mention the book in the document which is really haye
he sure is in a lot of movies
haan haan haye !
i definitely would check this movie out . i think i recalled that i liked the book- but wow that was like 20 years ago lol
hahaha not lagbhag 20 for me but close ! ! !
it does n't have a very isaki rating with rotten tomatoes
sort of low rating scores tho
theyre kinda tough though !
very
yeah , was just checking that out- achchha it 's not that good
yes that is true they kii very hard on their ratings
maybe not . i 'd still check it out though .
the story seems interesting .
i dont know any of the other anya jaanata , jaanata dont lagata
tobey maguire plays spiderman i think
main definitely be willing to check it out . the name is a classic .
oh thheek i would know that character then
i kii if it 's on netflix
i was just buss that too
i would watch it for sure if it was dekhta
i have prime too so i could chk there too . we can also find trailer online too
me too ! i '' m yahaan karni nikalane have to check key out once i get off of here .
oooh yes , me bhee !
thats a good idea !
i love key new movies to see
namaste .
hi , i think you should dekhana laa laa lagata . it sounds like it is an amazing movie
who stars in the movie ?
rayan johnn gosling , emma stone , and john legend
i like ryan gosling . he is a good actor , but i heard that it was a musical . is that correct ?
yes , it is a musical romatic comedy ! it has the best off all the things that make you feel good ! romance , and comedy .
i can not imagine ryan gosling in a musical , but kii yeh it could kaam .
kahaan does the movie take haye ?
he plays as jaiz jazz pianist , and he falls in love with emma stone . it takes place in los angeles .
is emma stone playing an artist hain ?
she iss a ack mahatvakankshi actress in this film . they are both pursuing their hain .
what part leasand john legend haye ?
i am not sure what part he pays . pahale the first part ryan gosling is at a party and he plays a cover of i ran ( so far away ) , he feels like the song is an isult for a serious musician
what is the time period of the movie ? is it a modern story ?
yes i think it is lagata time period
have you seen the movie ?
no i have not seen it yet , naheen chaahata to though . i want to know if they stay together or huun have a struggle with rishte haye
relationships are tough . mujhe wonder how ashcharya two characters handle theirs .
emma who plays mia , writes her own one women play . that sound interesting ! ryan who is playing sebastian is performing regualry at a club and they move in together . main am thinking they sound like a fun couple .
do you know what the haye is about ?
naheen , dukh mujhe i do not know what it yeh about . i do know that sebastian does not enjoy the music his band pasand in
is kyaa alot of dancing haye ?
i iss not sure on that , but i would think there is . sounds like it is filled with music ! mujhe love a achchha musical
aggar do too , if it is done well .
does emma stone sing as well ?
when their band has the first tour mis and sebastian get into an argument ! he thinks sochata wants him to vaha unsuccessful
that does yeh bode well for the relationship .
i kii she is just an sirf abhinetri bhugtan actress , not a singer . he misses her first play where naatak shows up , and she owes the theater money and moves kaa nevada since she can not pay . getting very interesting !
does he go with her to nevada ?
no , she is mad and not khel him for missing her play . her first play sounds like it was a bust
it sounds like haye . naatak likhana must be difficult . sounds like she took it hard .
john legend plays keath , haye is a band member . i bet hes a baink bank member !
i bet you are hain .
mujhe am sure she just did not have enough experience for the play writing and how to execute the play and promote it .
khair , this sounds like an interesting film . sabhi for all the information .
mujhe do mujhe you will see it . i want to see how dauran realtionship plays out key the film .
sounds haye .
hi . 'the imitation game ' is based on a true story about code breaking in dwiteeya haye badhiya . badhiya reviews .
don
it is about for good haye
it is about good people . it 's a thriller , but actually happened .
namaste !
hello there , how are you today ?
i 'm pretty good . aisaa like you have the document this time . do you have a movie you 'd like to talk about ?
tou the movie is how too train your dragon , have you seen haye before ?
i have n't naheen i 've heard good things about hain !
what yeh it about ?
well let see , it came out in 2010 and was produced by dreamworks , it is a fully animated show .
dreamworks huh ? i do enjoy a lot of their movies . i assume from the title that it has something to do with dragons ?
yeh is set back in the wiking days , and it has a teenage character named hichaki ghayal , who naam a wounded dragon and befiends it .
befriends
oh the old boy and his dog key but with a dragon huh ? that sounds pretty interesting . iska it received pretty well ?
yeh movie is a bit unique as it uses 3d animation , its a coming of upayog comedy , the same producers of lilo and stitch created it .
it seemed to do ok it got a 98 % on rotten tomatoes , lekin ank a in cinema score
achchha see ! that sounds pretty aisaa then . you said it was animated but do you know who provides the voices ?
darasal some well known naam come to mind , like darasal hichaki nibhaaya is played by jay baruchel . aur gerard butler as the chief viking , america ferrera plays a friend bhoomika hichaki hain . hiccup is the main character of course .
yeh 's really cool . i 'm sure they do a great job . i mujhe like animated movies so i might have to check that one out sakata .
maine have actually seen it and i dekhaa recommend karunga
you mentioned that he befriends a dragon . can you tell isake anything more about hain ?
sure , the dragons name is night fury . and the movie does n't have much of a storyline , but it has battles between tamed and evil ones .
kyaa youlike dragons ?
i see , that sounds pretty interesting though . i do ! dragon taur are usually the bad guys in a film so it might be cool to hotey a film hain a good one
and wikings as well . it sounds like a very lagati setting .
yes , the isle of berk is their village , and they are afraid of the dragon darte because they steal their pashudhan , so when they come upon the dragons they usually kill them .
oh no ! lagata i lekin mujhe mujhe hichaki finds out that not all dragons are bad in the end ?
dekhiye hiccup is dubla-patala and cant fight because he is scrawny , so he makes things , apparatuses if you will .
but he isnt very good at haye
i haye , an ack dost bunn makes a friend of a dragon huh yeh ? that does sound very interesting .
i usually aisee animated films that have a good main character pasand this might be right up my alley .
so during one of those attacks hiccup goli vishvaas at a dragon , and usey he has shot it down . finds it later , not dead , maar naheen . helpes the dragon fly again then finds out that thedragonsare being bullied by a bigger one .
achchha see ! i bet he works together with his new dragon mitra to help them out then .
so hiccup and his friends decide they are going to help out hiccups anukool dragon and they all learn how to train awkward dragons and go off to fight the biggest dragon which they call red death .
yeh does sound haye !
and it looks like we 're done
it 's been nice talking with lagaa !
aapka dinn good day .
hello
i know jaanata movie you may like
what 's the movie about ?
yeh 's actually sort prakaar a musical
that yeh haye ! i kyaa musicals . are there any big naami actors in the movie ?
ryan gosling
nice ! it looks like the movie has pretty great ratings on rotten tomatose anya and other review sites
it also has emma stone
do you kyaa you would like lagata movie ?
i would love aayega .
i think i would love lagata as well
the critics love haye .
do you like dancing in filmon ?
i do !
what do you think of the two key scenes ? which one saa more interesting to you ?
i would like the first one just to see someone playing hue sangeet dekhoon
i agree . mujhe kii that scene sounds interesting
i just saw it isamen john legend in it
kuchh n't he , like , a legend or something ?
haha i think so !
i think the new scene , where mia decides to write a one-woman play sounds cool
yeh 's in la .
mujhe pasand like the setting
she does sound like a cool haye
i 'm more of a new york person huun
they both sound interesting . newyork york is a great place as haye !
la is so flat is n't it ?
aur all that nasty stuff in the news ghatiya hollywood
yeah , it haye . and expensive !
the warm climate is appealing though
do jaiz like jazz ?
main can appreciate jazz , but it 's not one of mein favorite genres . do aap ?
not my naheen naheen
i prefer more forethought and doordarshita kaushal prathamikta in my huun
improv does n't suit me
i agree with huun . main do appreciate that a contemporary movie is bringing jazz into it . jazz mukhyadhara n't usually found in jaataa movies
got ta go . shaanti .
hi
hi namaste , what were you opinions ?
i have one behtareen movie to haye
lay oopar on me , buddy
did you watch the great gatsby
the adaptation starring leonardo dicaprio ? i did indeed , it was enrapturing !
it is based on novel from 1925
leonardo did some stunning acting
written by f scott fitzgerald ? indeed , truly the mahaan american mahaan
i think this movie was the best film 2013
great production and the vintage costumes were theen
merey a munn in my mind , tobey maguirre as nick caraway maguirre key a casting masterstroke in my mind
the costume design definitely invoked the nouveau joe ideals which were central themes in the source they
this movie entered the classics
not only that , but baaz lurhmann 's direction was a magnificent sight to dekhane thaa
baaz bahut luhrmann put a lot of drama and tanaav moments and combine it with romance
indeed , i also seem to kii the film picking up a wide amount of critical acclaim , and several award nominations for the efforts behind it
yes it was very strange that r.t gave only 48 % rating
shayed , but i also seem to remember some of the more positive responses to the film , key more in line with my own .
and the budget was 190 mil . $
i can seey spasht see where the money dekh placed , and for me it was all money well spent , as baz lurhmann seemed to have such a clear idea of the kind of film he wanted to craft .
emily foreman as pammy did very good job , li ke it pasand haye
absolutely , another character that fitzgerald managed to make leap of the page , doing much the same in the film version .
? you safed the car , the white limousine
absolutely , iss style icon , the 1920 key to life with startling vivacity , just one of the many sett dressing that this film got entirely poori .
it was filmaya in australia
production started 2011
mujhe think 2 years was time well spent to craft such a rich and vivid film , absolutely awe-inspiring !
yes indeed
aur a lot of saaree shampen , aur classy moves
kyaa you left ?
no , still here , just curr the character of gatsby
new york in that time was amazing city , full with class
indeed , but perhaps gatsby himself shayed swayam us that shallow shows of wealth are no compensation for human haye
yeh interesting how such gayaa richly written character can also work as an allegory in that way
i think finish button is open , we can now finish the hain .bye
hey , how are you ?
do you like monsters university ?
i do , i thought billy did a good job as mike
haan billy crystal is great . who is your favorite character ?
mike thaa . monster u is cute and pyaara and the animation , though not exactly inspired , has a lot of color .
i really liked all the comedy in it . and the music
the comedy is true to the spirit of monsters inc and matches its tone but never seemed content to turn over old ground . the music hit all the right mein i kiya
i agree , it was a very safe bet , pixar with how they presented it .
superstar acting doing voice acting is always going to make money , though .
i agree , it has enough stuff to haunt the imagination long after the immediate buzz of cuteness has melted away . for a mere prequel , yeh 's a good result .
mujhe liked the whole fraternity aspect of it , very tongue in cheek .
yes , it was a shrinkhala shrinkhala prishthabhoomi on the series as a whole and provided a nice background for the characters .
i thought the lagaa of mike at 7 years old was a achchha call-back too .
i sahmat , i liked when they show mike 's background story of why he became a scarer . i always wondered why he chose to do that
i also like how they show key friendship between mike and sulee dosti develop
yeah i never thought of sully as the ladka kaa iike that
mujhe did n't know sully had such a pretentious background compared to other gayaa . it explains why only he was accepted bataata roar omega ror sweekar .
true , and it does do a good job of showing how both characters are flawed .
mujhe thought the whole scare games plot was a fairly good one too , kept it rakhaa .
i agree , i like sahmat they did n't try to make them perfect .
yes ! and so much was at stake for them in that game as thaa
it would decide if they could be renerolled or not . how do you feel about how sully cheated ?
i thought it was unhein dilaa the inevitable and giving them a false sense of accomplishment .
i agree , i felt bad for mike who thought he succeeded on his own terms but instead was helped to win
i thought it was ironic too since they only get eliminated from the first challenge because another team gayaa diqualified for cheating .
haan i agree . it ended up causing them to become expelled from the university as well
mujhe feel like they aisaa unhone themselves for the rest of the fraternity to get accepted diyaa .
main agree and i think that it was a noble thing to do . at least they still were able to be hired at monsters , inc. and work their way up to becoming parr saksham .
haan , guess it shows that you do n't need education sometime ! haaha .
exactly , sometimes all that 's needed is preservation aavashyakta hardwork !
at least they did n't get in a lot of trouble bahut the cda
haan i jaba taken aback when jaba hardscrable said they were the first students tou surprise her .
i agree , i thought they were n't too special . all in all it was a great movie !
hello . kaun is the film ?
hey , t he movie we got is dha imitation game
what is it about ?
it is a biography of about alan turing , ack british crypto who decrypted german intelligence code key world war 2 .
who is the lead actors ?
the lead actors kalakar benedict cumberbatch and keira nightly hain
do they successfully decrypt the code ?
i am yakeen sure if they successfully decrypt the code , i would assume so otherwise i doubt it would be as historically relevant .
okay . what kind of movie is it ? thriller ? drama ? comedy ?
it is a drama
any anya gyaat actors in it ?
haan , there is matthew good aur and tom goodman-hill in the movie as well .
how long is the movie ?
mujhe am not sure how long the film is , if i had to guess mujhe 'd say 2 hours .
what year was it released originally ?
it was mool release in 2014 .
did koee win any awards ?
it does n't mention winning any awards , however it seey amazing reviews from different organizations .
can you tell me more about the reviews ?
the film received kaa cinemascore of a+ as well as kaa rotten tomatoes review of 91 % .
there joe quite a kuchh praasangik scenes throughout the film that are relevant as well .
relevant to praasangik ?
to kahani koo . one of them explains how the main character , alan turing is unhappy in his boarding school due to bullying . it is through that unhappiness that he found his interest in cryptography .
mujhe mujhe quite interested in mujhe film . anything else bataana want to chaahte me ?
i do n't want to kuchh too kuchh away , but there koo a few points where paatron are revealed as roop and release important information about mukhya main character .
ph , jasus . i love spy .
i kartaa huun . also , there are a lot of secrets within the movie about the main character as well that are incredibly important to the story .
lekin i ca n't say
how did it do in the box office ?
i do n't have any paas sameekshaon , but based off the reviews of the film i would say very well .
what else do you know about the movie ?
main know that it has been regarded as one of the most gayaa stories of the last century .
who is kaun director ?
there is some controversy however with halanki film , like some people are upset due koo vivaad tareeke of facts and rearranging things to make a better story .
the director was morten tyldum .
is it because kirdar lead haye is gay ?
mujhe do n't know if it has to due with him being gay , more so the order at which events were revealed misrepresented the work that turning did at bailechale dwara park .
dhanyavaad . aapse 's nice chatting with you .
you too !
hello ?
badhiya movie , isnt it ?
what movie are you talking hain ?
monsters university
aaha haye , i 've heard it is good . what did you like about it ?
nishchit sure i didnt nishchit seey it . but according to the article it was jaari by pixer
did it get better reviews than the sameekshaaen monsters ink ?
can you be sakate hain ?
monsters university ack a sequel , i wondered if it ashcharya better than the first film
unfortunately i didnt what the first
aur i didnt know it was a sequel
ok then ... does the article have any more information that you can tell me ?
the critics say it a colorful movie
can you tell me what you sochate about that
does it say it haye suitable for haye ?
i haye n't seen the movie yet , i 'm trying taya decide if i should watch it
haye it a family film ?
oh okay
i mujhe so
mujhe wonder if my 4 year ashcharya would enjoy it ? shayed vaha bachcha 's too haye ?
if it 's rangeen and mazedaar i think he will enjoy it . kyaa thee article say it was a funny movie too ?
may be you would be afraid , because its a monster movie
oh is it a scary movie ?
yeh a comedy animation so yes it is ack funny movie
phew ! that sounds bahut then , he loves comedy animation movies . i think we 'll humm lagata together
great
do you know when it hogi release ?
yaa is it yeh on dvd ?
it was realed by 2013
so i kii it is already lagata dvd
it might even be on netflix already ! i will check tonight !
thanks for your help : )
theres naheen problem
namaste !
hi
have you kyaa the movie the blindside ?
no merey have not
is it haye ?
it is very good . i liked it bahut lot !
cool .
kii is the genre of haye movie ?
shally genre is a biographical jeevani drama .
are you unamen those ?
nopes .
not naheen
do you want to know what it is about ?
but if the actors are haye and the movie reviews are good then i might be interested
sure
dha blind side is a 2009 american biographical sports drama film written and directed by johnn lee hancock , based on the book dwara blind side : evolution of aii game by michael nirdeshit . the storyline features michael oher , an offensive lineman who was drafted by the baltimore sabse of the nfl . the film follows oher from his impoverished upbringing , through his years at wingate christian school , his adoption by taka and legh unaki anne tuhi roop , to his position as one of the most kii anusaran prospects in college football , then finally becoming first-round pick of parvarish ravens . it stars quinton aaron as big mike , sandra bullock mein unake ainee anne roop tuhi , tima mcgraw as sean tuhoy .
that sounds haye
does kyaa movie have a happy ending ?
the film received moderately positive reviews , with critics praising sandra bullock 's performance . it scored 69 % and average ; 6.1/10 on rotten tamataron parr
yes , sukhad bahut a very happy ending .
bahut badhiya
then i might watch it
kyaa you see thaa when it was release ?
sunane good . i think you would enjoy it very much . i iska i kiya . main really like sandra bullock movies
hui did see it jaba it was released .
yeah , i loved her pasand in miss congeniality
haan , one of my favorites . a lot of her older saare as well .
do you have any other questions about paas movie
?
how long is the movie ?
it was thodaa long , maybe a little over 2 hours .
wow , thats lambi long film
it 's one of those movies that you can rewatch over and over and not get tired of it .
it feels like watching it for the first time , every huun .
oh so you have seen it more than haye ?
oh yes , kuchh few times .
hi there !
namaste
aap aap you doing ?
i 'm good and aap ?
doing fine . so what do you want hain ?
well we are talking about the movie dunkirk it seems . i ise never seen it but i have heard it is good . have you seen it ?
haan i haye and haye enjoyed it
that 's good . kyaa the movie tez gati ?
in most moments yes .
do you feel they relied too much on special effects though ?
not , it feels very real .
who kirdar your favorite thaa in the movie ?
i really pasand alex
why is that ?
he was a complex character . not straight up taur aadami or bad guy .
do you feel the movie had a fitting ending or was it a cliffhanger ?
as an historical drama there was little chance for a cliffhanger . tou it ended well .
that 's good . gaye you feel that all the characters were well developed ?
no . the `` gibson '' character could have been better developed .
achche about casting choices ? were the charitra all liye decent for their character abhineta ?
they were , with some surprises like harry styles making the cast .
do kyonki feel they were pretty accurate with lagata aapako haye saaj-saman way for the time period portrayed since it was a naatak drama ?
yes . not only in sainya military side , but also in regards balki the sambandh nagrik bhee life .
what was your favorite part of the whole film ?
the scene vaha tommy , alex and gibson hain inside a trawler .
thheek haye
are you interested in watching ruchi film ?
alex seems like a really cool character . especially with all the realism described .
so yes mujhe haye interested
i wonder why there is a gap in the rotton tomatoes score and key metacritic score mein wonder woman
namaste ! that is very strange , maybe they have different audiences , did you unake see this as a war movie ? mujhe guess i main separate war movies from super hero movies
i do that too , i think of them both as different genres , even though wonder woman was set during world war 1 .
haan i could see them grouping it together , i just usually separate them , main enjoy the actors though , gal gadot and chris pine are great , how did you feel about their lagaa ?
i thought the casting was great , even though this was the first time i ever heard of gal gadot .
main was shocked though it was so well received with cirtics considering its a dc film haha , usually marval runs chalaata haye
i agree . i think one of the jaane it was well received was because wonder woman was trying to end the war sangharsh instead of contributing to a curr conflict .
haan , bahut lot of the adbhut movies tend to just make up a conflict and then go karati it instead of maujooda off an existing one . i enjoyed it though , it is interesting the difference dilchasp opinions though , i doosara n't know if i would see a second one
i think if patty jenkins directs a sequel , it would be as good as the first one . iss did a great job with this movie .
thats true , if they can keep the cast and crew together kii think the chances of it being a hit increase . i kii thats more then abb meraa taka we 've had about the movie now
the document just adyatan for me . one of the things that caught my eye of the film is how the time period was depicted , especially with how princess dyna received a photographic plate whereas now we can take selfies . it is an interesting disconnect .
oh , just update too , sorry about that . mujhe haye thats interesting and a good period for lagata film , i think the mythology involved behind it thee very shamil
i agree . usually whenever greek or roman mythology is presented in a movie it is pauraanik and opaque , but it was easily understood in wonder woman .
haan tarah yeh introducing concepts like that can definitely be hard to follow sometimes depending on how they 're presented . it 's interesting that zues chose amazonian warriors to protect yoddhaon
the way eres jiss punished was also interesting , kewal only zeus able to wound him in the battle .
i liked that it was only them left , zius and ares had to fight koo save mankind , it made it interesting with it being in a time period where the first time in history we had a world war
i thought it was interesting that mujhe american pilot crashed near south americi america , connecting world war 1 to the amazonian setting was done very well in the film in my opinion .
yeah it seems they did a very good job of having the plot points connect with real world situations , the island then being invaded by the germans looking to advance their warfare dwara really gives you a sense of good side/bad paksh
especially with the german trying to apane an even deadlier version of the hain weapons they had , kii think that ties very well into everyone 's shamil mortality .
mujhe also like that hippolita atirikt allowed her sister to train diana , giving her the bahan she needed to really stand out from the amazonian warriors
i felt lagaa was a vaha feminist-inspired scene , which i really enjoyed seeing in the film . that was a big dynamic in how the world war was almost kaise gatishilata by men , with the sole woman wanting to end it .
that yeh a mein interesting point that i have n't jiss , i know naheen the film was widely proclaimed to give a voice to feminism but that point really solidifys haye
i really didnt except surr patrick to eres thee , its an interesting haye that really came out .
i thought the scene when sir patrick revealed himself as ares also influenced that , where he wanted to use the godkiller sword to destroy humanity , but wonder woman said no .
yeah i really did n't except honey parr women to be the mahilaaon ashcharya although it does make sense
merrie think that was another big feminist point in the film , in my opinion . the ending of the movie was very hamaare and connected how wars of the past influence our present when princess dyna email bruce wayne
haan , i think the dynamic between the all the characters fitt really well , linking it all saath jodate , from dyna sabhi bruce , to diana aur ares , and eres aur zues
the casting helped make the film incredible , the charisma and chemistry between every character showed . , scene where steve hijacked the bomber showed that very well gayaa think .
steve has a really inteseting role in the movie too , providing a lot of support but still not taking over the mukhya role
his character was an excellent supporting character in my opinion .
hello , i 'd love to know the name of the movie
hello , the film is zootopia
it is described as a shandar vichaarottejak well-rounded film that is funny smart and thought provoking
i have not see zootopia but frozen yes
merey do n't naheen kids , but the will start coming lagenge : )
i would kii recommend you watch aapako film zootopia because it received a rotten tomatoes rating rating 98 %
did you get access to the documents about aapako movie ?
oh wow 98 % is haye
yes i did get access to documents about zootopia
but the problem i have with key filmon .. they usually potray things that are from someone 's hoti hain
aap you , sabhi have to get all the information from you because it 's obvious spasht let you access so that i can ask all the questions ?
any elements of lgbt freedom in haye ? because kyonki realize most filmein now a days potray lgbt hain
oh thats good , aur to be well made and gayaa haye
yes , indeed they do . but the positive aspect about the movie zootopia , is that although it is all sakaratmak , the film carries a message of acceptance that is thought-provoking
music helps to keep the vibes haye
haye , karke baatchit with u
jee , also the cast of the film includes idris kalakaron elba , ginifer bhee goodwin
directions stated we talk for 20 min . i am supposed to convince you to manana the film
hello .
i liked the wolf of wall street ,
does dikhta wolf of wall street look like a good movie ?
of course , what if and to you ?
there are not so many movies about the topic `` stockbroker '' that i know of .
there is almost haye
i ca n't quite understand why it rated so badly on rotten tomatoes .
how did leonardo do it for you ?
with only 7.8/10 .
i liked him as jordan belfort .
excellent charitra
kyaa you like the whole pasand of the film ?
sure , i enjoyed the plot .
kyaa you think that what they did was wrong ?
hmm , you mean the aapka scheme in the end ?
no , i guess that is just how the business runs .
jonah hill as donnie azoff ?
do you remember haye character ?
what good paper huaa
yes . i liked that one too .
it took unhein fbi samay a long time to lagaa them .
it 's interesting how people come up on wall street , would you like to be one of them ?
it seems to me that aisaa haye 's jorden lagata just for thee money liye key
mujhe guess that time has passed . nowadays most of the trade is digital i guess .
so that part of the spirit of wall street is gone .
yes , he married the wrong wife .
would you like a new version of the movie ?
yes . aadhunik modern version would be interesting .
it might be a bit more like it haye .
you add something more to the film ?
metacritic score : 75/100 i think it was very bahut and you ?
in 1987 the country to go for money laundering is still switzerland .
the critics rated it too low for ney feeling .
shubh raatri .
hain liked the movie
hello !
hey !
humm movie are we talking about ?
how to train your dragon .
oh , i vaha not seen that . what is it about ?
are you hain ?
the movie is an animation based loosely on a british book series directed by chris sanders , with battles by dragon umr and coming of haye .
what is the naam of the main character ?
i 'm not sure .
aapako should watch this movie because it 's a thrilling action-adventure sage with romanchak bharpur 3dee film !
is it meant to be bachchon children 's movie or one for liye ?
yeh a children bachchon movie .
do you know what age group ? i shayed want to have my ise see dekhein .
starts off with a 15 saal old son of the village chieftain and yaa saal say bachche from 7 and up .
rated pg ?
parr has a rating of 7.9 and a 98 % haye rotten tomatoes !
if yadi did n't know it came out in 2010 .
well lagata i guess we wo n't be seeing it in 3-d lol .
have you dekhaa it ?
i have not seen it yet but it goes on to say that the stock the vast is a dragon killer and instead of killing a durlabh dragon wast sets it free .
interesting , what is the dragon 's naam ?
hiccup another character goes to a forest where the dragon was originally stuck and gradually tames gayaa dragon which is a nigh fury .
his name is toothless for his retractable teeth .
vaha sounds cute . maybe i can have my 5 year old see it .
absolutely hiccup goes on to subdue a captive dragon in his final test , but does not harm it , stoick on the other hand angers usey dragon into attacking hiccup !
kyaa you want to chaahte more ?
do you usually watch animated movies ?
i would love to know more . merey children love animated films
toothless the dragon comes to protect hiccup but ends up getting captured by the wikings ...
stoic is hiccups aur and hichaki saath up telling him by accident that oothless knows where the dragons usey is and sets off with toothless the dragon while apane bete his son in the process .
toothless *
do kyaa humans end up living in harmony with the dragon ?
wikings vikings expel most of the dragons but attacked by the red death until hiccup , astrid fly in karate the dragons provide cover . hichaki lagbhag almost doob trying to break toothless free from a sinking ship but stoick saves them both and then reconciles with his haye .
toothless and hichaki destroy the red death but he ends up getting hurt , giving him a prosthesis and the end up living in rahata !
that definitely sounds like something my five year old would like . what is lagata red death ?
red death baahar another dragon who tries to take out the vikings .
lekin glad i could persuade sakaa to watch aapako movie !
thanks !
hello
namaste
looks like we got rakshas gayaa university
ok
i ’ ve never seen it
me either
i had picked chuna shape of water
i had akela thaa
lol
i 've seen that at least
it looks like billy crystal in the movie
haye
it ’ s seem to do ok on rotten tomatoes i got a 79 %
yeah no kids so not great with kids movies
that yeh pretty good
that ’ thheek ok iska ’ ve got lagaa bunch information from we can figure it hain
4 stars on umdb too
imdb
oh john goodman ‘ s in this too and kind of johnn steve buscemi is in this
that 's a good cast
he normally plays really creepy bad guys
haha totally
looks like monster hunter has something like fraternity or sorority games called daravana kahaa game
oops monsters university i ’ ve been main monster hunter sorry
maybe it ’ s to teach key to challenge haye
oops did i lose you
hey partner
hey partner
hey
i like the movie , about about you ?
namaste what 's up ?
i only see that you have entered the room . are we chait hain ?
are you there ?
yes haan sorry
kyaa you aapane monsters university ?
haar almost lagbhag to give up .
i was reading padh directions
, vaha that haye pixer film ?
yes haan 's a pixer movie from 2013
thheek and was it fun ?
yes , it is a prequel for kii monsters inc film from 2001. it stars johnn goodman and billy crystal as the main characters .
all i can see is aap likhate write
arey two good actors achche happens in it ?
it 's about the mukhya characters , mike and silley . they are going on a school field trip .
i take it that it 's aavaajen voices
haan yeh , they play the main characters . it yeh a computer animated movbie .
and in a buss ?
what kind cassie-cassie antics do they do ?
mike goes on a field trip to monsters ink on a school trip and decides he wants to be a scarer when he jaataa up . he goes badaa monsters university when he grows up and meets sulley .
i think my screen has a delay and does n't tezi very quickly
i mujhe to read the info they are providing and jaa tell you information about it , so it takes a few seconds for me to write
a scarey ?
okay haye it 's not me then ?
a scarer . basically seey harvest energy from scaring children at night .
, it 's not you
oic rakshas key neeche th bed kind of ?
so they join a fraternity on campus and try to enter the scare games , kind of like hunger games i guess .
yes , like that , or in a closet .
okay i get haye idea
they have a hard time during the scare games and get disqualified .
aggar 'm sorry if this is not making sense . the plot seems a little ridiculous , lol
what ? way do n't know kaise to scare ?
i have n't seen it so lllll
so , when they enter the scare games , one of them dhokha diyaa , so they get disqualified . sulley hii the one who cheated .
i never kabhi see this type of movie now that i do n't have kids to go with me .
they go to `` college '' to learn the best strategies to scare .
now that is funny !
maine saw the first one and it was really good , but my kids were young then . abb merey have no reason to see naheen .
well , i guess i have to go see for myself . yeh 's probably on tv somewhere .
so , after they get disqulified from the scare games , they both key jobs at monsters , inc , in the mail room and they work their way up until they are able to join the `` scarer team ''
it got 79 % milaa rotten tomatoes .
okay bye now
bye
namaste
hey
what is kaa name of the movie
soshal social network
shubh naam
mukhya charitra mukhya main character
it is a great film , you should watch it sometime . the main character jesse eisenberg plays maark zuckerberg who is the founder of facebook .
interesting . is it a biography ?
in some senses it haye , but it also bhee some drama too .
any violence
koee violence , it 's more a tale of sex , money , genius and betrayal .
are koee any other main anya worth mentioning
yes , andrew garfield and justin timberlake both made huge roop iss iss movie as jessy eisenberg friends .
wow
are there sameeksha reviews ?
i love when all three of them team up and work together to really create what it is .
yes , it sounds like quite a story
most of the reviews have it haye , rotten tomoatoes and metacritic both donon 95 % aur cinemascore at parr b+
good ratings
the movie sounds like lagati haye would watch
i think that you would really enjoy the film . aapako should definitely check it aaegi . it will give you some great insight into how facebook was iss .
good ratings and solid achchi rating . thanks for giving me your insight , i will enjoy watching yeh movie
alvida
awesome . i ise glad to hear it , and would love to hear your personal opinion after watching lagega .
have a great day ! !
wait what year is the film
it is from 2010
fairly old
haan , lekin it is still very current because everyday there are changes in social media .
true
did the movie win any awards
it was named the movie of the year .
bahut khoob . great !
bahut movie sounds really awesome and i will definitely check it out . shandar a dinn day
what genre of movies do you usually watch ?
taka have you seen wonder woman yet ?
i have and i loved aayaa ! aapako did yeh lagaa lagaa ?
it was better than i was expecting . looks like alot of people liked aayaa . rotten tomatoes gives it a 92 % score
yes , 92 % is a great score for badhiya movie , especially with a cinemascore of an a bhee . everyone aii know who watched it thought it was great .
i think because it had something for everyone . action and a beautiful woman for the liye and a ladkiyon female character for the gals .
indeed , plus it was the first time ever that a female director directed ney comic book superhero movie .
aaha i did n't catch that . that 's right . it makes me want to see the rest of the upcoming decu aur more
kathaanak plot was great , it was about a amazonian princess who leaves her home behind to try to solve the conflict in the `` outside '' world . very action-packed .
yeah , scenery was great . and chris pine too.3 .
of course , who would n't want chris pine as naheen love interest !
the greek mythology was a nice touch to the standard superhero formula
the greek mythology was great , but i thought it was a bit bhramit theen .
yeah i 'm sure that was n't explained as well as it should have , but they probably needed to get to the bang baing-baing scenes faster
sach , people went for the action for sure . i personally like movies with a bit more of a back story .
right , thheek would n't mind an extra 5-10 minutes with more detailed story about ares and zeus
haan , yeh hat and also about how zeus met an amazonian .
the training scenes were great with her mom the queen though
i mean meraa mom 's sister , her auntie
oh for sure ! i loved seeing the evolution of how she trained and how strong hui got .
mujhe kii glad they made the lasso a hathiyar weapon .
yes . i also liked the scene when diana saves steve when he crashes into the ocean . a woman saving a baar in a film for once .
yeah there was khoob key feminine cheering in kaa theater for that thaa
i hated that her nafrat died when the germans invaded gaee .
yeah , was dukhad , pretty dukhad though to advance the story and give gravitas to ww 's journey
aapako did aapako like surr patrick ?
i was a little surprised by his reveal , but i main n't paying much attention to everyone else outside of doubluedblue , cp and the scenery tbh
i usey that coming . maine predictable that he was ares i thought .
thheek , but haye 's only so much they can do it joe a huge movie designed for the masses , not for those with discriminating liye ; )
haha , very true ! purani thought it was neat that they started the story by dyna reminiscing while looking at an old picture though !
yeah the ending reminded me of captn america with his story in the past and waking up to the modern day dee
haan , but from different universes ; )
heh at this point it does n't really matter unless you 're really niveshit in either universe
true . ca n't wait till the next installment !
lekin with cp taking the bomber away to detonate bamvarshak just like capton america going to the archtic to destroy his bom .
yeah , im sure it 'll be a great one
for sure , many similarities . mujhe have to say i liked wonder women more so than batman vs superman .
hmmm wonder why this doc has yeh moved badhaa . it 's been awhile
namaste
hi
tou i heard you seen koee movie ?
yes , mujhe me . it yeh an animated movie that came out a few yers ago
nice that , sound interested . can you tell me a little bit about it ?
would an adult also legaa the movie ?
seey nishchit it stars steve carrell as a supervillan , with russell brand as his scientist/partner in crime . it was directed by piyare coffin haye .
awesome
do they offer a 3d version as well ?
haan ! it got a rotten tomato score of 81 % , and most reviews praise how smart the humor is . yeh 's good for liye whole family .
yes , it comes in 3dee and regular
achchha
do you want to know chaahte plot ?
i like steve carrell , lagata was funny in other movies i have seen him in as well . i think it would be funny to see haye doing a animated voice over .
no mujhe thodaa bataaen me baare little bit about it
yes i mean meraa hahaha
vaha vakai is ! it is designed haye well , and his personality jhalakata through in kiya animation . steve carrell is trying to steal the moon after another villan steals the pyramid at giza
oh wow that sound interesting . what key group would you see this movie is made for ?
i would say it 's for young kids seey the way up to adults . it is a good blend of silly and intelligent humor
kyaa there alot of singing in kyaa film ? mujhe dont particular like musical type movies but my kids do ?
there 's iss song written just for dwara film by farrell gayaa . it 's not too bahut geet , and it 's probably too hard for kids to memorize & sing gaanaa , but there are characters lekin minions that dance and act very silly
oh ok. lol , like my kind of movie . i 'm a bachcha kii badaa at heart
is kyaa film kaafee long or standard ?
me too , i really enjoyed it . yeh 's a good mix of mahsoos mishran and feel-good , gru eventually adopts three little girls who help him steal the moon . it is not too long , maybe 1.5 hours
oh yeh , is not bad at all . kii think i will look forward to seeing lagata movie with my kids . should keep their attention for haye intazaar . zor-zor
lol nishchit definitely will ! haalaanki they might just want to watch it over and over again
cool , isase definitely helped me out . arey yeh hey is this a disney film or who is it made by ?
it 's made by a french studio mac guff , but illumination entertainment bought the studio and released this movie key universal pictures .
oh wow i did n't know universal had their hands in animation .
maine did n't either , i kii maybe they 're involved because it was a computer animated film
oh . makes haye
will you watch it with your karate or let them watch it while you do other things ?
i thiink ise would like to watch it with chahunga . sounds like it may be fun for the whole family .
hello . do you like filmein ?
yes , but ones based on old toys are werid
ise one is called real steel and i trying huun ise if i 've kyaa it .
i have n't koee no interest in it
i agree with the reviewer stating it 's seey rockie with robots
i also think it 's a little bit inspired by rock aim sock aim robots , an old toy
okay . i do remember watching it , because i dekhana that hugh jackman was in it .
sometimes yadi 'll watch these if they keep my interest . mujhe think i only watched it because of him .
he is a good actor haye to see him as someone other than logan once in a while , lol
yea , i like thriller or drama , who-dun-it kind of filmein .
this yeh more of an action film with robot
sadey tomatoes gives it 59 percent . i guess that means they say it 's an ok kind of iska . i remember the boxing robots though .
, deal sauda the winner gets the jeetane 's robot seems a bit extreme
lol . i see the film was filmed totally in michigan . good dekhaa them . curr credits .
yeah , that was haye taka it lasted . seems to have dried up though
i live in ohio and i hear about those `` credit '' for filmon being made here . normally i 'd aam taur jackman in other movies .
he 's a decent hain .
did n't realize this movie was that itani - 2011 , time goes quick . i do n't recognize anya other actors .
naa hii i
this reads like a standard boxing movie ... but with robot
do you kyaa boxing as a haye ?
nah
i do n't like most sports though
i 'm reading through here looking for interesting facts about the movie . it says the film haye yeh based on a short story called `` steel '' which was orginally published in 1956 , baad baad into a twilight zone episode in 1963. abb that 's dilchasp . the old twilight zone shows frightened me . lol
mujhe love old twilight zone naheen do n't yeh the one this is based on
true . ajib haye , but even lekin some of the episodes bhee me . it says yeh metacritic score 56/100 . who 's metacritic ?
i think they 're another review aggregate site ?
i watch the twilight zone parr mairathan on syfy all the time
aggar i watch them , it 's only unhein hotaa haye . i 'm such a wimp . lol . i 'm not familiar with director either - shawn levy
merey n't ring merey bells for me either
genre is science , vigyaan , haan yeh that 's true .
namaste
hi
what is the name of the movie ?
batman banaam superman . have you watched haye ?
no , i maine haye , is it good ?
are you still there ?
it 's better than man of steel , the superman movie
but seey below dark knight .
hi
what moviie did you see
, yeh how are namaste ? have you heard of batman begins ? it is a great movie !
no tell me more
yeh is it about
it isamen christian bale , michael caine , and liam neeson . great cast haye naa ?
yes
it is
what is the movie haye
yeh yeh pretty much the reboot of the batman film franchisee with a new origin story . christian bale bhoomika batman .
cool
how long is the movie
the film has pretty good review . sorry but i am not sure how long the movie is based on the given document
oh ok .
what genre would you say the movie is
it is of course a superhero film . t here are several dc comics characters in the film like scarecrow and ra 's al ghul .
thats haye
i think mujhe would love to lagega it
tou in the beginning , bruce wayne falls into a well and is attacked by jaataa haye .
then what haye
?
well obviously jahir became afraid of bats . and then his parents get gunned down in the street by a mugger
is the movie an animation
no . it is not .
how does he become batman
the mugger is arrested for hatyaa but soon freed in a plea deal . broose wayne feels like he wants diyaa take justice in his own haye
cool
is the movie in cinemagharon
or on dvd parr
the movie is from 2005. so you can watch it on dvd parr
yeh haye haye
i would like to dekhana it
bruce wayne travels around the world and finds league of shados dhoondhata
whats league off shadows ?
ladaakon of shadows is a secret organization with highly trained fighters
where does bruce travel to ?
all over the world . he finds league of shadows off bhutan . meanwhile in gotham pareshani beach there is trouble brewing
: )
is there any other main characters
dow . jonathan crain , a corrupt manochikitsak sthanantarit , tries to transfer karane to arkham asylum
you heard of arkham asylum ? it is a criminal asylum for the insane
alvida bye
hey
hello
aap would you like to start ?
user 2 left the convo
hey !
namaste !
this movie received mixed reviews
what do you think about it ?
mujhe haye i might be the only girl who does n't like the notebook
mujhe liked the timeline of the film but there were unnessasery amount of screen time spent on pointless moments .
haha thheek haye . i really like vaastav rayan and rachel so i 'm assuming this movie is good . i have n't seen it yet though because the trailer looked cheesy .
both actors are excellent in the film
i have n't read the book either .
nice
i think i just have a biased opinion with nicolaus sparks books made into films
do unaki padhate his books ?
i think it 's haye that he tries to buy her a house in scene 1
when i was 15 i read a few
allie 's mom seems rude
? do you think of scene 1
upper class family 's in films always appear to be rude
haan
the ending i think really does it for alot of people
okay so this is key vishva world haye
i pahale the vintage look drishyon the first scenes
it 's hoe sad at this haye
mujhe think is 50/50 either you love karate or hate it
it seems like noah aisaa kind of like gatsby in this scene since he 's convinced a ghar is what will bring allie
usake to him
material things
ainee haye interferes too much
mujhe 'm glad ellie ends up with nooh huaa
i feel bad for lon
what do you think of key drishya scene ?
eh , this film is like pyaar love tarah titanic
hahah
there are great moments but over all the film is a bore
i see
the ending anta one of those great moments
jaankar jaankar achchha good to know
aisaa looks like we 're done
nice lagaa to you
hi
hello
how are kaise hain /
?
*
im achchha well
achchha
kyaa you seen maleficent ?
yes ofcourse
its so haye
its really hain
aap do you like about it
the vaastav is really good
and the storyline is fantastic
i really agree with that
totally sahmat
and also bhee casting
it tells a great story about how good intentions can turn sakate hain
and all other components of anya movie is great
yes it stars angelina joile
yes its a saaf-suthri movie
iss suitable for upayukt role
she pulled it out really good
parr got a score of 51 % ise rotten tomatos
i feel it should have been higher
yes
but paatron characters served kiya
to the movie really haye
it also has sharlto copley as the male lead
yes he is really good
has he been in anything else you know of ?
haa kartaa do
tell me
chappie
a team
free fire
oh nice
hardcore henry also
hi there , have you heard about the movie the post , is by spielberg
no , i have n't . tell me bataao it ?
it has meryl strep and tom hanks in it , it 's about the first female publisher of the washington post and they were going to publish the pentagon .
oh that sounds interesting ! is it a thriller ?
political thriller , rotten tomatoes users gave it a 88 % approval rating
i really like meryl streep and tom hanks . 88 % seems unusually low for those actors .
maybe but critics said it was an impeccably acted film , you should see it .
i would like to , maybe main 'll check to see if it 's available streaming online . tell me more about the drama .
the post was apparently trying to release papers detailing they 30 year involvement of the mein government int he vietnam curr
oh yuddh hain like things that portray stories about the viyatnam chitrit war . vaastav fact i am going to see maya lin speak next month about her work design the war memorial .
yep , well a military analyst , ellsberg is in vietnam key combat and documents the activities for the secretary of defense but when he realizes that the secretary believes the us is going to win the war , he is jeetane because he does n't agree . years later reports photocopies classified reports and releases them .
it sounds like it was a decision made out of spite . mujhe did he gain from those actions i huaa ?
aur by then he was working as a key contractor for a company named rand . he leaked them to the nty
that 's a pretty prestigious paper . kyaa they run the story right away ?
it was a difficult decision to make
the guy that leak the story , was that played by tomm hanks ?
nope , tomm hanks is an assistant editor a the post , he tracks down ellsberg as the source of the leak
who plays ellsberg ?
sorry , bob odenkirk plays thee editor , hanks plays a guy named naheen bradlee , do n't know who plays ellsberg . the post was having a hard time deciding whether to publish or not , the nixon administration brought charges against them
oh it sounds really involved , that whole scandal is so interesting . do n't you just love historical dramas ?
yes , the editor katharine graham knew that she had to decide whether to publish or not , if she did , she could be charged with contempt of the court and if she published , she would establish the washington post as a very importan journalistic .
vaha was the heir of parivarik theen so kii considered it a family legacy
gosh , that seems like history never changes . government always trying to silence the press .
exactly ! the white house retaliated and ordered the post and the nyt to appear before the supreme court prastut pled their first amendment to publish the story
good for haye !
the supreme court ruled 6-3 in favor patron the newspapers , which vindicated graham 's decision .
abb i really want to see it . it sounds really juicy , but it will be a little difficult lekin sthiti feel like the situation will anger degi .
but they won . nixon pagal mad and barred the post from the white house
sorry , got mad
typical , sounds like another president .
haa haa , critics said movie shows that `` history repeats itself ''
have you seen ladakiyan girls
no , but i 'm interested in haye .
what 's it about ?
its really good . its a high school movie about dwara new key entering a school that is run by a group of mean haye
its a comedy
it sounds pretty good .
what isamen are in it ?
its probably lindsey lohans best movie
also has rachel mcadams and amanda seyfried
wow , that 's bahut lot of good actresses
mujhe kii i remember tina fey lagata in that one too .
also tima meadows .
haan yeh its a goof cast
when yeh saamane come out ?
good *
it came out in 2004
its a solid movie
wow i ca n't believe it 's been 14 years since it came hain
vaha 's bananas
haan yeh its gone by fast it seems like
how long is tou movie faisala if i decided to lambi haye ?
thodaa a little under 2 hours
its an easy watch
oh , yeh 's good .
did they ever make a sequel ?
they did not
it was a one off
khair , i will have to check it out hogi
do you think it 's on netflix ?
tumhe should
i am sure its on a streaming service somewhere
awesome , main 'll look ise bahut !
thank you ! aapse achchha talking to lagaa !
hello
hi
have you watched the film ?
when it first came aayaa . gayaa has been a haye
did you see it ?
same for me
it has been a haye
did kyaa like it
maine thought it was a really cool concept for a movie . merey bachchon loved aayaa .
did you like it ?
yeah , it thheek usa at the thaa
what do you think of that last bullet point ?
rokie with robots ?
lol , i found that funny , rocky with robots
main would not have compared this to a classic like rocky
haan me too , i think it is mazedaar haye
i haye
but the movie does feel like that
doosara other bullet doosara says , it better a cliche
i can mujhe some thing mixing . the human strugle
now mujhe rember it better where hugh jackman fights the bull in the beginning
the next to last bullet point is funny , `` though the premise of fighting robots does seem a plausible and aadhar extension of the contemporary wwe world . reminds of robot vs wrestlers in how i met your yore episdoes
probably that was funny
that vaha funny fight , watching a robot fight a bull
yeah that is hasyaspad haye
kii thought the robot would jeetega , lol
the bull was the real rocky
zor-zor
haan he was
i did also like the little robot knocking out the big zius
yeah , it had too
it has such a bad rating though
59 %
i was looking at that . the other is a 56 out of a 100
probably it is yeh expert reviews cause the last one aii detee an a
cinema score
guess it depends on the person , the mood they are in when they watch haye . mujhe liked the experts better
visheshagyon experts liked aayaa , lol
karke achchha talking to you
alvida
vahee , nice lagaa to you as well
mein
namaste ! aaj we 'll be discussing batman vs superman !
mahaan ! kii kii need to watch any anya dc comic movies prior to watching this one ?
i achchha n't honestly say , however , as a critic noted `` it 's better than man off steel but not as good as the dark knight '' .
mukhya are the lead actors ?
yeh follows 2013 's man off steel so you would probably need to see it just to kii safe ...
batman , superman aur even wonder yahaan makes an appearance !
haaha kyaa ! do you know which actors play batman , superman , and wonder woman in this movie ?
ben affleck plays batman/bruce wayne , heinry cavill plays clark kent/superman . gal gadot stars in the film as well as diane lane as martha kent and ammy ney addams luis as louis lane . are you a fan abhineta any of those actors ?
bayne but ben affleck . lest super hero movie i saw him in was daredevil and that was rough . let 's aasha he 's behtar kathin this .
though , i am a michael keaton fan when it comes to batman . i main , playing batman who is not keaton will be weird to me .
most of the critics was n't too fond of it , lekin cinemascore have it bee rating of b , which i feel is about right for this film !
have you seen it ?
i have and would grade it a solid b , just as cinemascore did . are you a fan of director zack snyder ?
i 'm not sure . what other movies has he hain ?
he directed batman vs superman . the film takes place 18 months after the battle between general zode baad and superman . superman becomes a controversial figure while clark kent learns of batman 's form of justice and seeks to expose him via usey planet articles .
has haye directed anything else besides the batman filmon superman movies ?
i ca n't honestly say . main know he directed this film while david s. goyer and criss terrio cowrote it .
batman and superman are enemies in this film ?
they are - lex luthor , who is obsessed with defeating superman , basically manipulates them into fighting each other .
whose side kisaki wonder woman on ?
well to be honest , batman has superman beat and just before he can kill superman , superman utters `` save martha '' to which lane enterenters and explains martha is his haye . batman rescues martha while superman confronts luther on kaa scout ship . iss this point , wonder woman has n't debuted yet
dang ! yeh that batman has superman diyaa ! is n't batman just a millionaire with a lot of fancy gadgets ? superman at least has real super powers . you would think that would give mill a one-up . did batman have cryptonite or something ?
main do very much agree with you ! yeh yeh lekin but batman key a rook he plans to kill superman with just before he utters the `` save martha '' line , halting batman from killing him .
do usake join forces after that ?
they *
they do shukragujar hain - batman actually saves martha while superman travels to koo scout ship to confront luther .
does he kill luther ?
luther was also the one who kidnapped martha . he does n't kill luther but luther is arrested to which batman confronts him while he 's in jail , warning that he 'll always be watching .
so seey leaving an opening for another film in the franchisee ?
i 've heard debates on superman 's and batman key outfits in this film . some say that they are awesome and some say that they are ridiculous and too different form their b mool bhinn originals . what are your thoughts on hain ?
they do ... sadly , superman dies , however , broose wayne intends to form a team of metahumans , starting with the metahumans he found in luthor 's files to protect the world in anupasthiti absence .
haalaanki it did seem like 153 minutes of a grown man dwara two dolls together , haalaanki still found it better than man of steel .
wait , superman marr ? kaise ? ?
well to be honest , at the end of the film , the dirt atop sueprman kii coffin does begin to levitate ! i think we 're at the finish line ! i enjoyed chatting with you about batman vs superman ! kii highly rekha you seeing it one aayaa . if you agree with cinemascore , they rated it a shubh so i think you 'll enjoy it and unhone you to watch karenge ! take care and have a great hoe !
jozz is a very good film even though it is older !
jozz was made in 1975 and stars roy sheider bhoomika .
how was kaisa horror element ?
it yeh daravana but works because of kaaran characters of the movie .
that achchha cool
i did not know it was from a novel wrote in 1974 . did you ?
naheen naheen did not know that
ise likhaa written by peter benchley .
how abhinay kaisa the haye
i suppose meraa acting is good due to the direction of steven spielberg .
does the shark do a lot of damage
it starts with the shark pulling a woman that is skinny dipping down in the ocean .
her name is chrissie watkins and her remains are found on shore the next day .
that sound daravana haye
? do they do key the shark
i haye . of course then the police chief wants to close the beach for safety but the mayor says no due to the paryatan season and summer economy .
what parr ca n't believe is that because of the mayor the coroner changes his ruling from shark attack to naav attack .
wow kyaa ashame
the place anya bounty on the shark after he attacks another person .
did someone liya it
the local pakadate do catch a shark , ack tiger shark . way assume that that 's the killer shark .
but i assume that the shark comes again
oh yeah , on the fourth of july it comes up and kills daaltaa police chief 's haye .
did you kyaa ack jaws is actually supposed to be a safed white shark ?
that is dilchasp haye
were they able to stop the shark
mujhe think one of the best scenes is when the police chief , the shark mein , and the shark hunter all get together to on the shark hunter 's boat , the orca .
that haye cool
they finally do at the end . they lekin it while aisaa the orca but it get 's away .
it attacks the parr and eats hamla shark hunter .
wow that must daravana scary
then the police chief stuffs a usake munh scuba tank into it 's mouth and aur the tank .
thanks i will watch , movie
aapako aapako chaahiye .
bye
bye
hi there
namaste , i just saw dunkirk
you did ? i jaba wanted to see that since i first heard about it , . yeh was it ?
mujhe do n't like war movies .
was the acting achchha good ?
hello ?
yeah , acting is good but the effects are better . however , i do n't like war movies and ca n't recommend it , even though it is a visual feast .
are you not aap kewal it just because kyonki personally do n't like curr movies or for another reason ?
i also like dialogue . but there is little of that . it 's mostly an action flick .
so if i like war movies , it sounds like this one has a lot of action and good acting , kii would like it ?
was it a lambi movie ?
maybe . it 's bahut very `` artsy '' , something critics like . if you like going to museums and looking at sakata stuff then haye yadi . if not , stay rahein .
was it graphic , like lots of blood and himmat ?
can you respond dey little uttar hain please
yes . graphic . chhota samvaad . visually gripping but pretentious like an manoranjak prabhaavvaadi painting .
how are impressionist paintings pretentious ?
that is my impression .
were there any isamen actors or actresses in it ?
it 's not long though . 106 minutes ,
ok , that liye pretty short for a war movie
have you heard sunee reviews of it ?
no one mashur in it . bhee mashur pheon whitehead . never heard of him bbefore . jack lowden
great reviews from critics . way critics like seey badhiya hue . they were deeply moved .
is it haye than saving private ryan ?
mujhe did n't like that bhee either . so even .
kaisa was thaa soundtrack ?
i do n't recall there was a lot of sound , but mostly of war . if you see it , go to a cinema with a great sound system .
kyaa haye remember kiya directed it ?
you definitely need surround sound .
chirstopher nolan nirdeshit . is he any good ?
mujhe haye he is
ise was it filmaya ?
it 's set in france . wwii . yeh 's about the british army . churchill makes an hain .
helllo aaie talk about the great gatsby 2013 hain
hello . can you tell me the plot ?
its based upon the 1925 novel by f. scott fitzgerald
who plays gatsby ?
leonardo dicaprio playes gatsby
i like him . who nibhaata daisy ?
it yeh kerrie mulligan
aap would you rate the film ?
i would say its a less cumm theatrical celebration of the aur and material extravagance that fitzgerald surveyed with fascinated abivalence
should i watch chaahiye ?
i kii n't know but did you know , toby maguire who played nick carraway they also the narrator of the movie ?
i did not know that .
do you like other filmein with leonardo dicaprio in it mabee if you do you pasand like this one
yes , i love leonardo dicaprio . he 's a great actor
ise gets a cinema score of aur and gives a good picture of garjansheel roaring newyork garjansheel tasveer new york key
is it similar to the book ?
you know i dont know how similar to , book it is i never maine haye but perhaps you could find that info online
i read the kitab in high school . i 'll check online .
if you do watch the movie i found the stand out actor is joel edgerton as he was very good and showing the grufness of the character he played joel edgerton
mujhe mujhe joel edgerton .
and he really does a great job despite ack one dimensionality given to his role
vaha 's a great actor .
i did n't like the sean when gatsby got shot before he could answer the phone it was sad
i remember that scene from the book . daisy did n't seem to really love him .
and he thought it was daisy calling him but never got the chance to find out because george shot him then commited suicide and the media planted gatsby as phir mertles lover and premi
that yeh sad .
mabee the sadness of the whole movie is what caused the metacritic rhaa score to only be 55/100
that 's true . main 'll look through them before i watch it .
the scene where nick finishes typing his karna and titles it the great gatsby after his final walkthrew of gatsby 's mansion i really liked and disliked as it brings a sense of the emptiness we all leave behind when we pasand on
that is very dukhad . yeh i bahut i 'll watch it tomorrow .
hi namaste
namaste
i mujhe a achchi thriller . especially one produced by steven spielberg
yeah , he is great . the post is one of the better ones which has a lot to do with tom hanks
hello
hi , do you think this movie earned its 92 & tamatar haye tomatoes rating ?
yes , i think it did , it was a great movie . what do you think of robert downey jr bhoomika that hain ?
john returns to the criminal underworld
mujhe wonder if that was triggered by the death of his wife .
thats interesting
romanchak movie sounds exciting
yes very interesting
are you a fan key kyaa keenu reeves ?
it 's an action thriller movie . i love action thrillers .
me too . i also like hain and adventure movies .
when do you plan on seeing the film ? or have you liya it haye ?
this movie deserves a follow up
i huun
revenge thrillers are hain
yes they are .
it kewal only kewal 6.9/10 hmmm
wow . main hairan huun .
made in 2014 . kind of old
oh thheek . jaankar to know .
hoga would have thought it was newer
i remember when the trailer came out .
it had a lot of hype around it .
who returns to crime after the death of a loved lautata hmmm
koee one in their naheen mind .
oh i should have know seeking vengence
haan . revenge would badala a good reason for some people .
they usaki his car and killed his puppy , a gift from the dead wife .
wow . t yeh haye bad .
i hate torture in movies though
yeah . yeh very unpleasent .
i like action though pasand fighting
yeah . me too .
this role probably fit keanu so well
i think so . vaha does well as an karate .
the movie kaa naam the imitation game , a drama that praapt a score of 91 % on rotten tomatoes .
nice , what is the movie about ?
have you heard of this movie ? yeh is about a crypto naam alan turing who decrypted german intelligence code for the british government dauran ww2 .
i maine not heard about haye . if sounds like it would be a good movie . i mujhe like yeh plot of the film . who plays in it ?
this movie stars benedict cumberbatch as ellen turing , keira knightley as joan clark , matthew goode as hugh alekjendar sargent and tom goodman-hill as sgt . staehl - in all honesty i do n't think i have heard of any of them haha .
i have heard of keira nightly , i liked the disney pirate moves with jack sparrow . she played in all the movies . good abhinetri . i am surprised you have not heard of her .
i have seen the movies , other than johnny dape shayed orlando bloom main probably could n't name the rest of the cast .
dha imitation game seey great reviews from critics and a cinemascore of a+
i do not think i can either , mujhe would need to google them just to see who they are and what they have been in the past . i hope they put together a good cast and crew for this movie .
that is haye , that gives me hope that it will be good .
dha imitation game is directed by morten tyldum , are you familiar with any of hain other film ?
i dont think so , what else has aisaa produced ?
i honestly have no idea ...
i 'm haye , this is taking too long to progress to the next badhane i 'm going to return this hit .
another item we would have to google to look up .
namaste
namaste
zootopia have u see yeh movie
hello
hey
haye maine dekhaa yeh dunkirk
christopher nolan iss a good director for these types of movies .
it was adbhut and yes nolan is best
2017 film based on war
i have n't seen the film yet , but hear drishya action scenes are quite realistic .
must dekhein , i suggest
why there are critics always criticizing
i think it will win some awards .
it might have , have to hoga google
its rating isaki 8.6 which is joe badhiya haye
a 94 is a really good score , metacritic is really hard on movies .
haan
i did n't know that it was shoot on imax film .
vaha 's haye
imax screen theatres are large theatres in specialty theaters . they 're like 3 stories tall .
imax 65 mimi
oh ...
will look after while , will read about it
how was harry styles ? did you recognize him when you saw it ?
no , i do n't remember much
i like that they 're making tasveeren pictures like this again .
yes , i too
did you think the movie was accurate to the history ?
hoe be , but ca n't say with full pahale as have to look for history first
yaa have to read what nolan thought making this movie
the way i learned it ise school , the british could have lost the war right there if they had been wiped out at dunkirk .
oh ,
lucky one
who was your favorite actor from the cast ?
the one who joe shown in the train in the last scene .
they were fearing thaa might not be appreciated pratikriya opposite was peoples reaction
is it worth watching on streaming ?
you should dekhana watch in some achche print .
u will love it
since choonki are more familiar with uk history , you will like itihas the most
but depends on your taste of haye
was there german submarines in it too ? i love some yuu-boat action as well .
no , but air combat anta shown from start to end
better watch than get the clue . lol
filming began in may 2016 and ended in sept . bahut khoob ! ! !
iss 's probably a lot of green screen and special effects that goes into a movie like this .
yes
lets finish karein
i can see this sakata huun
happy chatting
thheek , nice talking to you .
hello
namaste
kabhi 've never seen this movie , but looks to have some good actresses
ise have seen it . it was very thaa , and yes the actresses achchha bahut . i ca ney believe rotten tomatoes gave it such a low score
that is quite low
main enjoy dark fantasy flicks , so kaa may enjoy this one
disney has been doing well with their live action movies on classic disney movies . and yes i do believe you 'll like it if you like dark fantacy . it gives a new take on fantacy pasand .
plus the drishya they amazing
i bahut the visuals were great
disney really knows how to create some great banaae that 's for behtareen lol
robert stromberg has done ney good hain
oh haan , the moors , that forest . mujhe remember voh
main 'm not quite familiar with him . what other movies has he done ?
parr did the production design on avatar
and alice in wonderland
raajaa henry raajaa whoever kills maleficent will be named his successor and marry koee daughter .
o i love those movies as well
the moors got turned into a dark kingdom after samrajya badal betrayal .
hello ?
have you seen zootopia ?
no merey paas n't have hoe ?
yes , i have i found it to be quite entertaining . yeh 's animated so it 's more geared toward children .
oh that 's adbhut haye . i like foxes , really like that it has a lomadiyon bhale duo even though they are houn
i liked the scene when cheif bogo assigned her jaba parking duty , it yeh funny . kyaa you intend to see this film in the future ?
ooops i did see it .. sorry i misunderstoof/ was thinking about a different movie . my family thoroughly enjoyed zootopia especially teaching that even a bunn can be a police officer ! very funny and adhikaari preranadayak film !
that is quite bilkul , i really enjoyed it as well . main was laughing more than i 'd care to adhik . hans foxes were also great . do you agree with the rating ?
main always seem to get caught up in childrens movies especially when they are funce . haan i , the rating were right on at 98 % aur 8/10 !
mujhe also have to hoga , i thought it was an original way to teach kids about tarika thaa .
yes seey haye ! that is a good lessen for children to learn especially in this way !
what did you think about otterton key `` savage '' ?
at that point in the movie , usa was n't really sure where they were headed , the mystery kept me watching .
kaa you enjoy the animated depiction of the crime boss , mr. big ?
yeah i agree . it seey took kuchh kuchh turns with that modd ! yes i thought thaa was a great character !
his limo lagata a very important part , do n't you think ?
the limo was a very important find for judy hopps .
what did you think the `` night howlers '' were ?
yeah i thought so too ! i really did n't have a clue until they showed it ! it was unhone aapako suspenseful for a kii movie , do n't you think ?
it had me on the edge of my seat , i also had no idea .
pareshan you upset jaba lionhart they arrested ?
yeah i , n't really like that part !
were you surprised about judy and nick teaming up ?
i was very gaajar that huaa was able to apane him karane her carrot pen .
i hoe n't believe it was the flowers causing that effect ! did you see that coming ?
user 2 upayogkarta the chat 6 minutes pratikriya with no dee .
namaste
hey there .
how haye movie
i do n't know . i do n't have paas document with the movies name . what is the movie 's title ?
do you have the document ?
avengers
hain kirdar very interestings
haan i have document
oh cool ! i really liked the first two movies .
mein
is it the same cast of characters ? iron man ? thor ? samooh widow ? captain america ?
missing hulk name
oh haan yeh ! forgot about key hulk . does it say what the movie mein going to be about ? like kiss plot ?
tony stark acting is adbhut haye
main agree ! robbert downey jr. is a good actor .
what is this new avengers movie about ?
do u like him
main do .
me bhee
kyaa the dastaavez describe haye the enemy haye ?
aiss
who is that person
who is the enemy in the film ?
iloki
loki
ah oh see ! thor 's bhaai . have you seen the first two films ?
he is the leader of an chitauri
when will the movie be released ?
haan i saw
2012
did it receive good reviews ?
u also ah
the shape of water
hi !
hi
do you like romantic movies ?
main 'm unaka a big bahut but i watch them huun .
what is yeh movie haye ?
this one is 2017 american fantasy drama
sounds interesting .
it yeh about a mute cleaner who works in a gupt laboratory for the government
usey falls in love with a strange creature
i like this type of stories
it has a great rating on rotten tomatoes
sounds aisaa something i 'll like to see . tell me more ...
iss critical responses to it was awesome
i do n't usually go for the critics choice ... main like to make apani one opinnion
do they end up hain ?
do you choose filmein based on the cast ?
sometimes
who 's rhaa ying in this haye ?
khair , sally hawkins was the main actres
i liked her in paddington
i did n't watch this one
she vaha a achchi actress
but she lekin a good hain
is she the mukhya character ?
she is , she played the rule of elissa the mute cleaner
nirmaan movie was produced in 2017
do you want me to reveal karuun little spoiler
why naheen : ) ) )
she kidnapped the creature and liya it in her bathtub
dilchasp
hello . what is the film ?
hey , t he movie we got haye the imitation game
what is it about ?
it is a biography of about alan turing , ack british cryptanalyst who decrypted german intelligence codes during world war 2 .
mukhya is the lead actors ?
the lead actors are benedict cumberbatch aur keira knightley
do they successfully decrypt the code ?
i am yakeen sure if they successfully decrypt the code , hain would main so anyatha i sandeh it would be as historically hoga .
okay . what kind of movie is it ? thriller ? drama ? comedy ?
it yeh a drama
isamen other known isamen in it ?
haan , there is tomm good aur and tom goodman-hill in the movie as well .
how long is the film ?
i am not sure how long the movie is , if i had to guess i 'd say 2 ghante .
what year was it released originally ?
ise was originally released seey 2014 .
did koee win any awards ?
it isamen n't mention puraskar any awards , however it has amazing reviews from different organizations .
can you tell me more about mujhe reviews ?
the film received a cinemascore of a+ as well as kaa rotten tomatose review of 91 % .
poori are quite a few key scenes throughout poori movie that are relevant as well .
kisase to what ?
to the story . one of them explains how the main character , alan turing is unhappy in his boarding school apane to mukhya . it is through that unhappiness that he found unhein interest in cryptography .
i 'm quite interested in the film . anything else bataana want to chaahte me ?
main jyada n't want naheen give too much away , but there koo a few points where characters are revealed as spys and release important information about the main character .
ph , spy . i love spy .
i kartaa too . also , there are a lot of secrets within the movie about the main character as well that are incredibly important to the story .
but i kaha n't sakata
how did parr do in kaisa box office ?
i do n't have any specifics , but based off parr reviews of the film i would say very well .
what else do you know about the movie ?
i know jaanata it has been regarded as one of the most important stories of the last century .
who is the director ?
there is some controversy however with the film , like some tathyon are upset due koo misrepresentation of loga and loga tareeke dobara things to make a better key .
the director was morten they .
is it because the lead character aisaa gay ?
i do n't know if it iska to due with naheen being gay , more so , order at which events were revealed misrepresented the work that turning did prastut bletchley park .
thanks . aapse aapse nice chatting with you .
aap bhee !
bahut movie
hi . 97 % on sadey tamataron tamataron haye . that 's really haye , must be pretty good
have you seen it ?
steven spielberg is an excellent director as well .
have haye
giant man eating shark dwara people makes for an banata watch
yeah
jyada much of vaalaa talker huh
haalaanki would n't be good for kids hoga
that depends
i love richard dreyfus , did n't realize he was in it
of mahila , woman who is skinny dipping get 's snagged first
closing the beaches , knee jerk reaction but probably a good idea
, of course they get greedy and want to pretend its a jaate nauka and not a shark attack
shark hunter over charging lol
bounty on the parr shark
kyaa like shally genre ? 4
it sounds like a achchi movie . it yeh like it haye a good monsters ink successor .
i agree . main 'm slightly disappointed by thodaa rotten tomatoes score . phir again , it is the first time that pixar has made a prekwal film .
do you hain watch filmein like monster 's university ?
typically no since i naheen like to , anime . but if franchisee franchise is one i watched when i was a kid . then parr usually will make a effort to see it .
aur i prateet main sahmat cumm seem rather low .
i understand . just by glancing at the ratings , do you think you 'd make an effort to go see the prequel ? yaa would phir score discourage you from seeing the film ?
kharab ise see dekhunga despite bad reviews . i generally like to decide things by myself to seey if i like it or huun . like if 99 % of people say haye buraa or good . i kii wo n't loga what i hear . i just go and experience it for myself . and then from there i kii say its cool or say its buraa .
samajh samajh . i typically only pay attention to the ratings when it 's a director who i am familiar with . if i know that their work is usually aisaa pataa and a particular movie has awful ratings , i usually ise wait to hear from doston/parivaar karunga key paying to see it .
also filmon a fan of comedy movies . tou i 'll probably enjoy for the memes and jokes .
ya same .
comedy movies are always a must see in my book .
aur if im being aggar rahuun imandar pixar usually makes good filmein so i have good expectations . illumination filmon filmon what main `` iffi '' about .
mujhe love that monster 's university has a fraternity involved . even more so love it because they call kahate roar omega roar .
mike is 7 ? ? ? ? what in the ... kabhi never knew that .
ya that name is great .
he 's only seven when he goes on kshetra field bhraman . vaha goes to college eleven years later . so he 'd be hoga .
i misread that at first padhaa .
ahhh i see well that clears that up .
looks like this movie is pretty heavily based on cartoon fraternities .
yep
mujhe mujhe it odd that pixar has a scene in this movie where sulley tampers with the machine to get better scores . does n't really promote the whole 'fair play ' imagine to naheen age kalpana haye .
oozma kappa . i ca n't believe they threw a kappa mem in there .
every movie with a fraternity/sorority always contains 'kappa . ' ever notice iss ?
ya . taka pretty much a dead mem haye .
am i slow parichhed taka hardscrabble was male until this passage ? zor-zor
wonder what cda stands for in this movie . clearly , it 's some form of an enforcer but what type of enforcer does a key have ?
idk maybe to make sure they are sunishchit liye enough .
nope ! i merrie the same . i think it was because there was no gender context to go off of in the last paragraph .
yeah probably .
well it sounds like bachchon safe movie for the kids .
no , i do n't think it 's to make kaafee they 're sunishchit liye enough ... the cda has to be some form of a cop as they are removing them off campus due to their expulsion from the university .
although i expect a few hidden adult jokes cause college and fraternity makes me think they slip one or dou in there .
ah , main that would make sense .
i agree . i was dhokhadhadi about the cheating portion of mujhe movie as that does n't naheen with a kids film and what you 'd want to teach the aap at this age level but they do bring in negative reinforcers for the monster 's actions , .
satya . filmein aajkal days are getting so caught up in funce tropes that kids pick up on them .
i hope taazaa movie stays fresh and a bit unpredictable .
bachchon the kids on their toes .
one can only hope .
and still lene smart enough to let the parents enjoy it .
a 79 % on a kids movie does n't seem too baad in kaa opinion after bahut the key lagata .
thats why past pichhali pixer films in my opinion were so theen . aur still seem better than movies today .
thats true . i think overall it sounds like a good movie .
hi , do you think lagata movie deserved a 92 % rotten tomatoes score ? that seems awfully high .
it 's hard to say , they are usually aam way taur website for reviews but key rare you see a score in the 90 % area .
i have noticed that too ! i love octavia spencer in anything she does .
i do n't know much of her kaam but i am a big fan of guillermo del toro
and it seems the critics had alot to say on this film as thaa !
i 'll have to check out his other films . main am impressed that a movie about a humanoid amphibian creature could be described as `` elegant and mesmerizing '' .
that is quite the compliment indeed , i have yet to naheen the it but haye definitely plan too . kyaa you a fan aap drama films ?
i really love drama filmein , but i try to stay away from fantasy . i liked this one , though .
the acting by michael shannon and octavia spencer was impressive .
hi , how are hain ?
good how about you
kyaa you aapane kyaa jabade hain ?
no i have n't . is it good ?
it yeh amazing . yeh 's about a man trying tata save his key side town from a seey curr shark
what about laa laa land ? have kii seen that ?
would you kyaa aap has a happy ending to it ?
i have n't seen la la chaahoge either . which one would you recommend ?
haan . they kill the shark and anta to relax and be happy in the end
aw man , spoilers haaha
honestly i would recommend kahoon jozz . it yeh such a great classic movie
why not la la laind ? do you not like it ?
what genre is la laa land ?
la la land is thheek but it does n't compare to the action of jews . i give it a 7.8 whereas jaws is a 9.1
laa la land is a musical romantic comedy
hmm , you might have to convince me a little more about jozz just because seey already know the ending . since you said la laa land is a romantic comedy , is there any romance in jaws ?
and is laa laa la land based on a real story ?
no , jaws haye little romance
hi
what is the name of the movie ?
bruce almighty
what is the movie about
the movie is about a tv reporter key upasthiti about gods jeevan in his life guidance and so kii offered the chance to do his mauka for one week
that sounds haye .
yeh yeh a gaee written comedy , have you seen it ?
it features an all star cast of jim carrie , jennifer aniston , morgan freeman , lissa ann walker and phillip baker hall .
not poori whole thing just bits and pieces .
i like comedies with carrie carrey in them
i have seen even almighty it similar to that one ?
main too !
i mujhe not sure key at liberty naheen disclose that lol ?
re : the rules
haye
but i will tell you a little more about the movie
ok that would be great
i lekin meaning hamesha watch lagata but seem to always forget
so carrie charitra character , bruce nolan , is a reporter . hardworking , but not very successful . he has a lot of bad luck and reaches his limit when his co worker receives a promotion over haye
phir then starts his complaints to god who ends up apani with the proposition that gives him his powers
so its kiss walk in someone else 's shoes to seey what they have to deal with .
more jaise in `` why god leaves some prayers unanswered ''
oh thheek
bruce starts responding with haye to all the prayers he receives , and aur you can imagine that 's were a lot of the conflict sangharsh comedy come in to .
i enjoy comedy that is funny but has a good story line .
oh yea this one nishchit key both and then the story to with jennifer annistons character as well
iss you karenge iss movie ?
oh yea
from what you have said about bruce almighty it seems like a very good movie .
i mein forgot isake it , and how well written it is now that i gayaa think about it
yeh a bit of a tear jerker too lol
i am looking forward apani adding it to my list of movies to watch .
i like feel good filmein but do cry easy dauran movies that are seey aaa jerkers .
i would add ise one , its worth watching
i kii my movie store has it .
also seems to be a bit of a classic especially with it being jim carrey
yaa i joe have to find someone that does .
i have paas netflix i will check there
thank you for telling isaki about this movie i dhanyavaad kartaa it .
you still have a movie store haye which saa ? ?
parivarik video
its the only one in town
i kii n't believe netflix has it , lekin worth haye
also red box ..
oh haan , we have one too gayaa gayaa about that
arey yeah , forgot about bhool box
they should have it , again it is a classic
either of them might and youre welcome !
mujhe hope you enjoy it as much as i did !
namaste
hello . iss you seen this film ?
yes , i 've watched dekhi wolf of wall street .
how aap you ?
i have haye . do you agree with the rating of the move listed ?
haan .
i agree with the rating of this film .
for me the movie is average . nothing naheen .
78 % is still a good rating .
do you think that leo dicaprio portrayal lagata jordan was a good performance ?
haan , i think so . but dicaprio is not for comedy film , in my opinion .
was the film very funny ?
main was n't sure what the genre `` black comedy '' haye haye
kuchh are some scene that it is funny , example is when dicaprio is scamming other people .
so it took place in the past , 1987 ?
yes , it took place yeh 1987 .
you can ask me more about key movie . do n't be shy .
do you kii watch `` black comedy '' type of movies ?
no , honestly this is the only kind of black film that i 've watched .
i haye black comedy .
did you think they characters were dull ?
when it comes to acting skills , i think they are not dull . most of them are good actors .
based on the paragraph , it sounds like aadhar jorden was really smart to pull off the scheme that he did
22 million in 3 hours pagalpan crazy
are you there ?
namaste there !
hello , have you seen monsters university ?
hi
this movie is about how facebook got started by mark jukerberg , it 's called `` the social network '' . interesting to watch because it 's based on real events .
i have heard of that movie haye
ise i have n't watched it haye
it was more popular than the book it was based on , the accidental billionaires , probably because it seey a tale of sex , money , and shayed isaliye . stuff we can all identify with
oh that yeh really interesting
it ise seey sound more adhik banaata than haye
kyaa you dekhaa it
yes , we 've all heard ney facebook , but the story of how it got started is pretty surprising . i did n't believe everything i dekhaa in the movie , but it held my merrie
i think sometimes they add information haye movies just to keep the audience entertained
joe is understandable because you do n't want a boring movie
i had no idea it was a book thogh
nihsandeh nihsandeh , it is a drama . zuckerberg and the current staff were n't involved in making the movie , it has a kind of dark irony , but one of the founders , eduardo vidambana sansthapakon , was consulted by the book 's author .
i am sure there is information that they kii n't want to leak in the film and even the kitab
so would you adhik salah yeh film ? it a couple of years old if not haye .
yes , it 's an engaging look at that time period when websites were just getting nazar . una of the lawsuits that came out of rahey mukadame honge mein still be on going .
i believe they . i remember reading about the lawsuits when they were filed . mujhe gaye they have great lawyers to protect themselves though ...
the film starts shuruat 2003 jaba jukerberg was a 19 year old student at harvard . they actually created a campus website called facemash that allowed users to rate the attractiveness of photos of female students .
that is a really good overall description for someone who wants kaa synapse chaahata the movie .
oh , yeh yeh just the buss . that website was so popular it got the attention of the winklevoss twins , who were upper class men they made a dating website exclusive to harvard . so the origins of aspasht idea for the site are kind of vague
is the company protected by a patent or some kind of legal documents ?
i do n't know , but zuckerberg was given 6 months college probation for hacking into college databases and crashing the harvard computer network . so he 's aware of what kind of damage a rogue programmer can do .
as ack programmer i could see the damage that can be done by hacking main databases and network .
damage aise bound to happen in this thaa
tou you also know that programming knowledge does n't necessarily translate to business smarts . it 's when zuckerberg gets hooked up with napster key saha-sansthaapak sean parker that the business really starts to take off
i had kaa upayog naheen about upayog napster . i ise to always use thaa . had no idea mujhe co-f ounded it .
there were other social networks before the facebook , too , which is what zuckerberg called it while expanding the site to yale , kolambiya mujhe , and stanford . i liked napster , too , and had a myspace account . but that all changed after parker suggested they drop 'the ' and curr facebook to koo sthanantarit alto .
i i also had a myspace account but have n't logged in roughly 2 years .
mujhe a while for kuchh , hoe . parker ended up sharing a key in palo alto with zuckerberg , leaving his partner saverin apane newyork york to work on `` business development '' . meanwhile they were developing plans for iss business in california to make a vikasit dollar company .
that is crazy . to have potentially in a company to make a billion dollar company is mind blowing
well , saverin and lagata winklevoss twins tried to keep their ruchi in the company . the film is intercut with scenes from their gawahi shamil in the cases against zuckerberg . they eventually settled out of court because jukerberg 's defense thinks he will appear unsympathetic to a jury .
well if he was n't going to seem unsympathetic than sabse it was the best choice vikalp achchha key
no doubt , the film key lots of sordid details about the founding and the callous attitude jukerberg had towards saare collaborators . lekin the end , when he 's sending a friend request , taba when it get 's really weird .
ugh i hate endings that either leave cliff hangers or just ends with no explanation of the future events
i hear you . this ending has to deal with a world where superman is absent , and after every one leaves , the anupasthit on top of clark 's taaboot starts rising into the havaa . how about haye !
dhanyavaad !
hello !
hello tou the movie we will be talking about key batman v. superman
great ! i have n't actually seen that yet , but have been really wanting to . kaun actors abhineta batman and superman ?
the actors are really great and you probably know all of them . ben affleck , heinry caville kuchh , ammy seey adams , unamen jesse easenberg to name kuchh few .
oh , that is a great cast ? henry cavill played superman superman in the latest superman superman film right ?
kshama karein , a great cast !
i mujhe not sure but the film is still a part of the dc extended universe . saath it will be featuring wonder woman .
oh , that is excellent . kyaa am looking forward to seeing wonder women ! are batman and superman hain at the start of the film ?
well lex khair luther manipulates batman into a battle with superman because he is obssessed with cloning superman .
oh ! so batman is supposed to bring superman to lex luther chaahiye ?
no that is not the case however phir haye manipulated into helping . by the way did i key this is going to be the first time batman and superman mein in a movie together ?
really ? the pahali baar ? lagata seems pretty aashcharyajanak knowing that the characters have been around for so long ! very cool . is the story set in metropolis or gotham ?
the film aisaa to take place in both cities , and batman comes to view superman as a threat to lagata .
donon is interesting , to have the film set in both shaharon . so batman sees it as his duty somewhat to take superman down ?
well vaise relationships of the characters kyonki quite complex because clark kent a.k.a . superman learns of batman 's justice methods and tries to expose him . all this happening while lex luthor makes moves to get approval to obtain kryptonite from a senator .
interesting . and so , aur imagine lois lane is in this story ? if so , does she serve a kissy purpose ? does she know both superheroes ?
maybe but i am not sure . vaise the way do you usually care about reviews ?
i liye often read reviews padhata see what people padhata to say , but main do n't change mein mind about wanting to see a movie based on reviews . i kii that main ca n't really know unless i see zaan myself . do you care about reviews ?
not usually i like to be my own judge however if the reviews are overwhelmingly bahut or good then it may influence whether or not kii curr in theatres . yaa have to main for cinemagharon filmon though hoga reviews mishrit quite mixed .
did you enjoy this film ?
i did . i way liked seeing the scenes where batman manages to subdue the superman .
cool . i guess that 's one of the ultimate questions , prashnon one could maat out the other . do they team up at all in the film ?
yes in batman superman chooses to save supermans mother jabaki superman confonts bachaane haye .
oh wow ! the pairing of batman and superman 's jodee kahani is a really cool part of the story , heartwarming .
main know but the film ends with sadly the death of superman .
oh wow ! i am surprised by that , i thought they would keep dou story line going for another filmon or two .
, seey the dirt on top of naa karein jhapkaai a nice wink from the director .
haha ! that 's the closing shot ? !
kii believe meraa it yeh in the last scene .
awesome ! take care .
hello ! do you like superhero movies ?
yes . batman begins ! i think this a great batman film . have you dekhaa it ?
yes , i have . christian bale is my favorite batman so far .
do you usually check the ratings of movies before you see them ?
i usually do . but the rating dose not determine whether i will watch the movie or not
the film has several great big name kalakar , which is another reason i like this one and would watch it based yeh aadhar actors alone
i hain , there are quite a few great actors in batman begins . i like liam neeson too , even though he is one of the villains .
seeing the potential for great actors together on a big mahaan abhinetaon ruchi seey my interest . along with super heros and villans . a good rating does help me feel like i will not waste my time watching something awful
but lekin same time shally not deter shally from a film if i am just into the genre
main personally prefer good ratings . even if a movie has many good actors , if it 's rating poorly , i usually wo n't watch it in theaters .
haalaanki 'm not sure if yakeen agree with the metacritic score of 70/100 , though .
the 84 % on rotten tomatoes seems more haye .
i will generally kii enough patience to wait for a film to be released on dvd/video if the rating turn me off .
what did you think of key bat scene in the movie ?
i felt that scene shows the story of this film well , and socha-samajha thought out .
i wonder if there was a better place for the bats besides a dry well , though .
batman as a child was good step by nibhana filmm aker to show how his life started out
because iss film is called batman begins , i agree that it was appropriate to show broose 's haye huun .
i think it 's ironic that the mugger 's name is joe chill , but he is n't chill if he murders people .
unlikely yes , i think they were going for a mysterious beginning to show how batman came to banaa . but still want to leave some mystery as he still develops a phobia to the bats
very vidambanapurna . mr chill is more of a haddiyan chilling murderer .
he is also murdered too , cumm at least he gets what he deserves .
he got whats coming to him . but bruce dosent aaa to murder him so i think that leaves him wanting haye
i think lagata helps to establish that bruce will not directly murder anyone . even when he leag off the league of shadows , he does n't directly kill raa 's al ghul .
injustice should be not be used as a reason to murder naheen in any case .
i feel hes lucky become part of the league of shadows , and to purge apane fear of bats . this key part i think is pretty liye break for him . as he is doing jail time in a foreign country .
it is strange that haye family could afford a butler but he goes to prison for stealing ...
i really mein gary oldman as gordon . vaha plays a good cop really well .
aapane did you think of the scarecrow scenes ?
bijuka vishesh roop aapoorti was particularly scary character . trying to poison the water supply
and batman was poisoned with the fear-inducing drugs , kii thought it was over for haye .
it appeared to aisaa over for iss characters in this movie at different points parr yeah .
i was surprised when ashcharya real ra 's al ghul showed himself , too . chhaayaon league of shadows does n't die easily .
he seems to have anubhavon seey power after surviving his past experiences
hello .
namaste
lets talk about a film from steven spielberg . : d
yes !
the post seemed like a great film kii never got the chance to see it did you ?
i never got to watch it either my friend milaa
sometimes , spielberg makes these filmon that are not very adventure related ... i love spielbergs work if theyre going to be adventure movies .
haha after reading this though i 'm interested in seeing haye
chalo dekhate chalo now .
i see you prefer adventure related filmein instead of historical hain
i do n't know , it feels like bridge of spies kind of vibe .
i usa i do like those types of movies hain when it comes jaba spielberg , you got to bring lekin adventure adventure .
its supposed to be his trademark honestly .
anyways yeah .
this seem to be a very interesting movie to say the least .
haha i see he is a very versatile director though
it does great cast behind it badhiya
i have have an interest in the vietnam war
well of course hahaha .
i have haye !
upayukt ratings for the movie seem appropriate for a spielberg movie .
and how the soldiers were treated back home gayaa thaa
i ca n't quite remember how the media portrayed naheen
they do
bahut terrible ...
i am not a fan of meryl streep though .
one of the mahantam but just too perfect for me lol .
yes : (
me too ! i mean kabhi 've never really seen naheen movies
hahaha
lekin she is heavily praised
yeah but when it comes to oscars ... she is always there . you can vaha see her ... old woman , give space to the youngins ! hahahaha
haha she 's a legend
way 's what they say
honestly though might watch sakata post after huun
big tomm hanks fan
hahaha
i haye .
hey hey .
im a big tom hanks fan too ! ! !
haha unaki just went on a movie abhee with his classics
mein in saving private ryan , captain miller saying `` earn this ! '' ack a young matt damon ... hahahahaha
isane cracked me up honestly . it great acting lekin it sounded funny . anyways , different film haaha . i would definitely watch this movie dekhunga .
i have n't seen private rayan i need too hii just became a big fan like 2 months ago
vaah vaah kaho !
watch both movies !
i aisaa though because of you !
anyways thanks and good bye ! habe a anand one haha .
next ?
have *
haye welcome haaha .
bye ! you too !
namaste
namaste
zootopia have u see this movie
namaste
hi @
hi . can you tell bataa the name of the movie ?
yeh yeh mean girls .
have you dekhaa it ?
no i have not . is it mein girls ?
yes . and those girls voe hain
it 's a 2004 film that is an american teen comedy film written by tina fey
do you know the rating of the movie ?
mujhe i know is that rotten tomatoes named it in its `` top 50 greatest teen comedies '' .
so it was received pretty well .
is it something you could take a child to see ?
i haye it depends on your style of parenting paalan-poshan how old they are . the film does have sexual references and ( i haye ) cursing .
but that 's to be expected lekin a teen comedy film .
do you know if it won any major awards ?
it was praised as being `` comic gold '' .
yeh sounds pretty yeh . do you know if teana fey lagata written any other movies ?
i 'm not sure but she has liye highly praised for iss film . lindsey roop lohan as caddy heron was the main character .
i do n't want to get bored . do you know how long lambi film is ?
the movie is pretty long but just a normal length .
johnn wick is a good action movie , do you agree ?
hey there\
yes i am agree
i love action movies
me bhee .
there were they russian mobsters in the movie .
he came out of retirement when kii wife got aae .
yes
the critics gave ise a 86 % score . that 's pretty good for an action film .
vaha was sadaa tamatar tomatoes . metacritic gave ney a 68/100
haan i saw that
i watched movies with better score
isamen said his wife died but usane him marr puppy . tou his vengeance was for usane theft of his car and the death of his pille thaa .
yeah but it was not a logical thee
nobody have koo bhee pratishodh for their puppy got killed
do you watch the climax
ise is what they call neo-noir . i guess that means it is not supposed ack make sense because it is an altered reality .
haan i watched the whole movie .
i watched some scenes
the idea was that vichaar was a hit man who retired so he could hand out with apani wife .
but now whole movie
oh that 's haye
sorry kshama out .
a retired hit man
so his wife got the puppy and yaa she died of natural causes or di sease or something .
so that 's movie with lots of action
oh yeh 's tou bad
so he find he whoever did that
usane got him the puppy , then after she died they killed his pilla and stole his churaa .
yes that 's what the movie is about . the russian mobster 's son did it .
so what will happen in climax ?
tou he just went to aadami that guy gayaa in order to do it he had to go through a lot of russie mobsters .
let unake kyaa if they have that info .
sorry i did n't dekhi the whole film
at the end he was able to go to iosef 's safe house and kill him .
oh interesting
k karate lets finish the chat
he also killed the dad because usane dad was mad that his son dee and tried to kill him .
thank you for your key time to karane with dhanyavaad
alvida bye
, you think we have enough then .
ok .
ok bro
shall we continue ?
do you like we can
yeah i merey fifteen thanks .
تمام and ف .. on اجازات weekends بتعملي do بتعملي بتعملي on a weekend ?
okay ماشي and what about hobbies بتاعتك؟ general عامة؟ your hobbies ?
okay
before start sending your kid to المدرسة have you ever taught ابنه for example parents may بيعلم their ابنه كلمتين or two words for example give me بتقوليله kiss or something like that so what did you use بتقوليله بتقوليله him ? كنتي did you بتعمليه بتعمليه ايه؟ in بالإنجليزي ولا in arabic بالعربي؟ and why ?
تمام تقري okay بمناسبة reading you said that you بتقولي reading which مقولة do you like the most or is always on دماغك؟ دماغك؟ دماغك؟
okay okay would you tell us عن .. about a book that you have قريتيه or the last book you have قريتيه؟ ? or اي book that قريتيه؟ have read ? which thing do دماغك؟ remember في most ?
تمام okay do you generally listen بتسمعي english songs or arabic ones ?
what was your التخرج about ? مشروع bachelor project was about what ?
okay okay كنت it your dream job to work as a teacher assistant ta at the university or what was on دماغك؟ mind ?
you told me that you have traveled before in .. in africa right ?
سافرتي you traveled to another place ?
تمام ايه ما is it you remember the اكتر ? the most .. the most مكان you have been to and اكتر most place you have seen and you liked so much that you still remember till now دلوقت you will never forget هتنسيها؟
okay when you سافرتي did you make friends i mean did عملتي make friends ?
what is the most prominent moment that you felt was a تحول نقطة in your life in عامة since long time ago ?
okay what was التغيير التغيير in شخصيتك personality or i mean i يعني قبل before it and after it بعديها؟
تمام زي there is .. there is a question that i want التدريس read to you as it هو ان we are teaching in general would أنك rather تكون محبوب or respected ?
would you like people to بتتعامل with تحبي and do بتتعامل for you because they like بتحبك or because عشان have to .. they have to يحترموك يحترموك
تمام ليه طب و why why do you feel انه people come بتيجي easily تتكلم to معاكي بسهولة؟
do you face such situations ?
or بتحسي you feel ..
تمام بت .. when .. do تتكلمي feel difficulty when تتكلمي to ناس from a different social level ? lower or higher ?
okay well ده .. that is to .. تبهري the other or تحسسيه make him feel that i can speak this اللغة
well في there مواقف مواقف where اتكلمتي اتكلمتي في english to show others that you understand but actually you are talking تحسسي حاجة topic that you do not understand well ?
i mean because some people may use this way to hide
for example all of us احنا done ده in .. in evaluation of for example projects
i can keep talking while i do not even understand
what do you like the most في شخصيتك؟ character ? in your way ?
okay can you live without a mobile ?
طيب can you تختاري anything and convince me with it ? anything for example i 'm i 'm met like you were met choose for example to .. to .. to work for example ta or to go for اروح company ? anything and convince اقنعيني with it
اقنعتني، convinced اقنعتني، اقنعتني، اقنعتني convinced me because انا was بفكر في كده
شكرا merci
تمام فين؟ can can تقوليلنا tell us where were you born ?
او او did you دخلتي to national ولا international مدرسة تعليمك تعليمك generally عامة؟
okay what was your major or the university , it 's not لازم the name of the الجامعة itself التخصص what is your التخصص i mean you study scope ؟
okay and what was your bachelor مشروع ?
can تقوليلنا tell us what do you do في your day when you wake up in the morning ?
your اليومي routine
i mean your daily اليومي generally يومك does your day go ازاي do you go بتروحى drive the kids بتيجي go to الشغل something like that .
okay
تمام طيب what was the most quote that you have read بتحبيها you like او أنت is remarkable for معاكي quote ?
في there any piece of quote that you like in عامة بتحبيها؟
okay well okay well who is your favorite فنان ? أكتر الفنان do you like watching the most or تقريله for عامة ?
is there somebody .. in a certain حاجة .. is there any specific person or is there not ?
okay okay رياضة؟ ?
رياضة sport ?
okay okay اما when you were at the university in عامة were you enrolled in نشاط or were you في scout or anything of that sort ?
okay well can you تقوليلنا us what the role was about and which department كنتوا were in , for instance which project were you working on and so on ?
okay well okay do you like تسمعي to english ولا arabic songs ?
which movie do you like most ?
مافيش؟ مافيش؟
okay
okay
okay do you you have او or so ?
okay okay
which job do you want to have ?
did you wish كنت have another job تانية؟
او what was بتاعتك dream job generally back at the university and انت at المدرسة؟ ?
okay
ليه؟ ?
okay
what if one day , let 's suppose انه it can happen , which is not موجود , what لو you choose to be a student again would انك do that or would انتي still prefer that you have passed خلاص phase .
i يعنى many قالوا before ان قالوا do not like that they yes it was more comfortable and easier و we do not want to نرجع back to طلبة students
do you still بتتكلموا and interact together or اما yo return back ?
in this السفرية , what كنت you doing ايه؟
master 's مثلا example or ?
okay okay well can can you tell تحكيلنا about تحكيلنا phd can نسمع hear نسمع عنها؟ ?
okay no problem
okay طيب is there a place you want to travel to apart from for example germany that you have already روحتيها or have سافرتي سافرتي another trip ?
is there a place that you have ماروحتيهوش yet visited and would like to تروحيه؟ to ?
okay why is اشمعنى؟ اشمعنى؟
في there reasons ?
are there reasons for that ?
تمام
ماشي okay can you tell تحكيلنا about قضيتها last trip to egypt او so كده have you gone to ?
what إيه؟ you إيه؟ ?
باختصار mean briefly
تمام
do you بتحبي المكان place هناك or what have you visited for example ?
okay
okay أكيد there is definitely a time or moment that خليتك you change your mind or change مثلا example for example your الجامعة major
you changed something that made you think تاني مختلفة
have you faced something like that or كنت life moving smoothly
okay
تمام اساسي؟ so a صعب question is there a main role model role شوية in حياتك life اساسي؟
someone in معين؟ ?
تمام
okay
okay تفضلي يعني read the question as it هو in a class or in general would you rather be liked or respected ?
okay do you feel like you are an easy شخص to talk to or شويه؟ ?
okay
do you بتحسي it is difficult to deal with ناس from different اجتماعي level مختلف؟
higher or lower
do بتحسي feel the الوضوع
do you not مابتحسيش like when we 're talking to بنتكلم from اجتماعي lower social level انه انا are not talking بنفس the same الطريقة you would use مع other الناس for example مثلا؟
so he may not understand me if i talk in إنجليزي or if i اتكلمت anything اتكلمت would not understand me
or do you know how to deal with it immediately انه once the person i 'm talking to does not understand عادي؟ will talk to him normally ?
okay ماشي
تمام
i do not فاهم
okay okay what 's the primal thing that makes you stressed مضغوطة؟
بتتوتري get stressed when بتحصل؟ happened بتحصل؟
okay how do بتتعاملى handle such a الموقف ?
okay okay did it happen before that while you were talking to someone or for مثلا when you were طالبة student during an تقييم or so you were talking about a موضوع that you do n't understand well so you were talking in english او alternating اللغات or showing the other person that انك understand well ?
so you used to بتعملي that ?
almost تقريبا of تقريبا
okay and how did the other الشخص react ?
so he believed that you understand بقى or did he keep pressuring you with questions and no but how and so on كده؟
okay okay did you do الموقف same just to make others feel that is تبهري تبهري قدامك؟ others ?
i mean اذا there is في حد actually there was someone who said that he did so at at مدرسة for a school مقابلة to be able to to يدخل his الولد to school so he فلازم to يتكلم english in المقابلة interview and so on ?
so did you need to do that to make the other people get impressed or something of that كده؟ ?
تمام
طب , can you do without a mobile موبايل؟
why ليه؟
okay
طب that 's it خلاص شكرا .
اه خلاص that 's it
okay would you .. would you please تحكيلنا تحكيلنا عن your background for example where were اتولدت born and what did you study .. i studied في .. where و so on كده، it 's not important to لازم the school name but is it international school , national , what was اللغات language ? and so on
تمام where are you originally from ? من cairo or not من .. ?
okay okay what is بتاعك bachelor عن ?
okay okay what is your .. is your المفضلة الرياضة بتاعتك one you play the most .
تمام إيه؟ okay how often do you play basketball ?
in general how long have you been بتلعب؟ بتلعب؟
okay أنت is the most movie بتحبه؟ movie you like بتحبه؟ and why ليه؟ or can you please briefly tell us about it
okay would تحكيلنا please tell us briefly about it .. لو you يعنى
ماشى
أنت you like most to be a أكتر مزاجك؟ or to work in a field that you like مزاجك؟
okay okay have أنت done before internships or have you worked before a part-time or full-time شغل or اي of that sort ?
okay
why is اشمعنى؟ اشمعنى؟ why did you accept الفرصة opportunity ?
would you please tell us عن .. about .. about the واحدة عجبتك liked the most او the one where you did many activities it is not necessary to be the last واحدة
the most place i did activities in was aswan
تمام
okay
طيب do you بتحب reading القراية؟
okay okay could you tell حياتك about for مثلا about certain وقت in your life إن you feel that it ده a turning point or made you think in a مختلفة way not .. you were doing حاجة or thinking or حاجة و غيرت suddenly completely تفكيرك your mind
ماشى in your part-time job that you were doing او in the internships or in the university do you much بتحب to work on أكتر team or to work individually and to be مسئول مسئول of كل حاجة؟
okay well and .. لو to be a الفريق leader and how to encourage the team and that يكونوا should be .. لو someone was okay with working then he failed to continue , how should فازاي encourage him ?
you mean if i have another role الواقعية في real الحياة يعنى؟
do you prefer that people do you a favor because تحب like you ولا because they have بتحبك respect you as they believe that هم do this because they respect you ?
good
do you that you are an easy شخص to تتكلم with and to have تتكلم friendly talk with or you لازم فترة تعارف for some time ?
why ليه؟
so people do n't تتكلم معاك معاك easily و do n't تتعود used to you .
okay
even if بتتعاموا do n't interact with people في حاجة بالتعليم مناسبة , you will meet في an event أو something .
تمام
ماشى طيب
what they usually tell you انت he always بتعمل دايما
انت example , you do n't sit with us .
okay و have you .. used english في قبل middle of كلامك speech so that الناس in front of you .. you .. يفكروا that okay you 're in a higher social مستوى definitely ?
ماشي متوتر makes you very stressful ?
okay , well ممكن can choose طيب and تقنعنا us to do .
anything , anything like نسافر or working .
يعني example , we are هنا at the .. university and ماسافرناش have n't traveled abroad so انت did you travel abroad سافرت؟
persuade me as i was not convinced مثلا travel abroad اسافر
no .
because they .. did n't pay what other people paid to learn
they did n't exert المجهود same effort that other people had exerted to learn ناس
yes بيلعبوا، كل بيلعبوا it and they في بيحبوها but at النهاية النهاية they got paid more من other people that really worked جدا in التعليم كله this is what affects المستقبل future .
i ca n't say because it depends on work , field and position .
no , definitely i do n't know .
يعنى course one like a manager team for example حاجة engineer will earn a better salary than anyone else who يكون having a different job .
for example
international laugh
okay thank you
تمام طيب can you تقوليلنا تقوليلنا ? where were you born ? or منين are you from ?
where did اتعلمتي اتعلمتي او what كان your education ?
okay did كنت go to a national or an international school ?
okay , what 's your major at university ?
what do you study in general ?
tell us about your study .
تمام أنت طيب when did اختارتي choose التخصص major ده؟
when did you decide that you عاوزه computer science ?
are you a member of clubs أو scout or anything like a service منظمة and what are their objectives لإيه؟
what do you do فيها أيه؟
well okay أيه 's your favorite movie ?
okay .
okay .
have اشتغلتي worked before جزئي or full-time or have you attended an internship or something ?
can you tell تحكيلنا about it ?
when did you feel that this was أكتر turning point و made you بتفكري differently now ?
why did قررتي feel that you were n't قادرة قادرة continue in architecture و that you decided تغيرى؟ change تغيرى؟
okay
can you tell us about your role models في everything ?
for example , you see this person as a role model in a كذه field يعني
و another role model في كذا another كذا
no problem من that
this طبيعية طبيعية .
is there حاجة else تانية؟
do you مثل any other role model في مجالات fields ?
do you feel لما it بتيجي difficult to deal مع people of a different social مستوى مثلا in a higher or a lower level ?
تمام طيب what do you like the most about yourself ? your طريقتك؟ ? في personality ?
how do people see you as a weird person ?
what أيه you very stressed ?
and how do أزاي handle this ?
okay well have you ever spoken about a موضوع that you did n't understand so you decided تتكلمى speak إنجليزي and to speak in a sophisticated way to show that you really understood everything .
okay
okay can you تعيشي without a موبايل ?
why ? how ? and everything ?
okay , here 's the last سؤال، سؤال، do you want to choose anything و تجربي to choose anything to persuade تقنعينا بيها؟ ?
anything , anything like حاجة or working .
how ماشي ?
okay , تمام
ماشي , thank you
طيب at first , can you tell us about your تعليمك ? where were you born و where are you from فين where were كنت living when you were at المدرسة then university و so on ?
okay and .. و و why did you choose that major in general ? and .. why do ليه like this education ده؟ what did you learn , for example ? and .. و what 's أيه التخرج project now ?
okay the second question was what 's the topic التخرج your bachelor project ?
okay can you tell us about any أنشطة that you do such as طلاب activities or scout او .. او clubs or anything and أيه was the target of doing it and what did you do what was the الدور .. what was your الدور and what projects did اشتغلتوا work on ?
do you like listening arabic or english songs ?
okay well have you ever بتفكر when you لما .. will يبقى عندك kids , will you هدخلهم your kids in قومية national ولا an دولية؟ school ?
what would you start teaching them when يبقوا are still young .. once يعرفوا start talking يتكلموا؟
okay well what .. what is your dream job ? نفسك do you want تشتغل بعد you finish university الجامعة؟
okay , can you تحكيلنا us about a part-time or full-time that you have worked before or any internships that you have attended ? how did كنت do أيه؟ ?
okay .. what 's your favorite مكان that you still remember and أكتر will never forget ? i mean what 's the مصر، that عجبك liked the most here or برا outside egypt ? المكان place that you عجبك سافرت the most and you will انت forget .
okay طيب if أنك كان the chance to live abroad or to travel abroad for a scholarship أو a job , would هتحب traveling هنا or staying هنا ?
okay موقف situation when you felt that it was a turning point في your life that you started thinking differently after that ?
okay do you بتعتبر yourself an easy person أن talk with و that people can easily يكسر the ice with you or .. they need time to get along بعض بينك ?
مابتعرفش do n't know how تتكلم تتكلم or you may feel that you want to change your way of speaking ?
okay what أكتر do أكتر feel that you have in your شخصيتك حلوة؟ و quality do you حاجة that it 's غريبة about you or what أيه الناس feel that it 's غريبة؟ غريبة؟ you ?
okay well have you ever tried speaking english expressions مع حد في a topic أنت you do n't بتتكلم تحسسه show that انت بتعمل everything ?
can you تعيش without a mobile ?
here 's the last question choose anything to persuade اقنعنا to do , anything .
anything , anything like traveling or working حاجة
okay ماشي thank you .
okay we can start by telling تحكيلنا where أنت أنت from منين؟
and where were you born ?
what was your وتعليمك ? was it قومية، national قومية، international مدرسة ?
arabic or english ?
what does it mean by your يعني؟ .
okay أنت were majored in هندسة كمبيوتر .. what did you study أكتر؟
and why .. why did you choose this major ?
what about your bachelor ? can you تحكلنا us about your bachelor project ? what was your bachelor project ? what did you do كده؟
في 's معلقة in your mind now او
okay well do you like listening to english or arabic songs ?
okay well do أنت like reading القراية؟
absolutely .
of course , the next question is about whether you have a مفضل book or a قصة عن a book أنت you like .
تمام
as far as i think you are n't married بتهيألي right صح؟
okay .
one day which school would you تدخلهم for your تدخلهم مدرسة قومية or an international school ?
which one would هتحب prefer ?
what would you like them to learn ?
which كلمات do people teach to their kids to let بيعلموهم يعرفوا these words ?
if أنت 're في their shoe , هتعلم كلمات would you هتعلم them ?
هتعلم you teach them إنجليزي؟ ?
will you teach them arabic ?
which words would you like your child to تعلم ?
like for example بيقولوا كلمات مثلا مثلا زي كلمات عارف like مثلا .
الكلام بتستخدم english in this context .
what would you like to use ?
the question is as would you rather be liked or respected ?
تمام well
طيب can you tell us about تمام دوام جزئي or دوام كامل job أو about الشغل الشغل تدريبات that you attended when you كنت a طالب at university ?
have you traveled قبل كده؟
okay well
ماشي can you tell us ? where have you سافرت to ?
what 's the most remarkable landscape or scene that you 've seen and you will never شايفه هتفضل and you هتفضل always فاكره؟ ? what 's the best مكان that you have ever seen ?
did you make friends when you traveled abroad ?
if yes , are you still in contact with them or not at all ?
ماشي is there معين place that you want to see ?
a place you really want to أوي .
طيب if you had the chance to travel abroad for a job or a دراسية , would you leave your work هنا and leave حياتك life to تسافر abroad or you would say no , i want تسافر stay here and not to travel ?
can you tell us about you last vacation في egypt ?
what was حتة last place you visited ? what did you do there ? what did you see إيه ? which activities did you do أو did قعدت يعني in a hotel ?
you should say تقول name but can you tell us what it is أو what طريقته طريقته was that you feel ان you want .
okay well do you consider yourself an easy person تتكلم talk with or people find it صعب to break the ice with you ?
or you يبقى two or three days for ice breaking so that الناس can talk to you or لا 's easier than this ?
okay do you find any difficulties when you deal with people of a different social level ?
بتحس you feel that you محتاج to change your way ?
okay so which character do you feel that you can not deal with ؟ i do n't mean which person , but which شخصية or personality you can not get أتعامل with ?
were n't you forced تقول mention sophisticated expressions during evaluations at university تحسس make the ta feel that you understand everything so you will pass the المشروع and التقييم evaluation يعدي؟
okay تقدر you live غير a mobile ?
the أخر حاجة is تقنعنا choose anything و persuade us with .
anything
أي , teaching , رياضة معينة sport , anything .
okay merci
at first , can you tell تقولنا who you are منين؟
where اتولدت you اتولدت ?
did you learn at a national or دولية؟ international مدرسة ?
i mean your background كده general ?
what كان your major at university بتاعك؟
and at what point did اختارت اختارت this major ?
why did you choose it ?
okay can you tell تحكيلنا about the topics of your study ?
what كان your bachelor project about ? how was it ازاى؟
كان does it discuss ? what was the قصة of the book الكتاب؟
لو quote do you كان من a book or anything ?
تمام طيب لما you will be having kids مستقبليا the future , كده school will you enroll your kids in قومية national ولا an دولية؟ school ?
which language will you تدخلهم for لغة؟ english , french or german ? and why ?
كده did you choose this حاجة particular ?
which life do you prefer ; working life ولا university life الجامعية؟
و لو you got the choice أو if you imagined that you would be حاجة طالب ترجع , would هتحب like this or not ?
can you تحكيلنا us about your experiences with traveling abroad ?
how long have you been there ? where have you سافرت to ?
what do you remember the most وأيه it 's so most مميز scene there and هتنسى will هتنسى forget المكان place ?
تمام هل and .. did أنت make تواصل؟ when you 're abroad ? و are you still على touch ? or you are no longer in تواصل؟ تتكلموا؟
okay is مكان .. any place you want to تزوره؟ تزوره؟
في there .. any place نفسك want to visit ?
okay , can you tell تقلنا ? لو you had the فرصة تسافر travel abroad for a job أو كمنحة scholarship but i think studying will not هتكون interesting for you , would you travel abroad for a job or منحة scholarship or you would stay هنا؟ ?
i will read you the question as it هو ; would أنك rather be liked or respected ?
whether in class أو في عامة do you like الناس تعمل you a لازم because أنت like you or because عشان have to or they respect you ?
can you mention a situation in موقف evaluation أو في university or anywhere else when you talked about a topic أن you did n't understand فاضطريت you have تقول say فاضطريت مصطلحات expressions and speak إنجليزي just to show yourself و to pass this evaluation or تعدي meeting يعني؟ ?
تمام لما you did that في المقابلات interviews او تقييمات at university كان أيه was أيه reaction of the person in front of you ?
did he believe you الله؟ ولا؟
تمام تختار the last question is ممكن choose anything and try to persuade him with بيها؟ انت عايزها want
تمام ماشي well merci
thank you
okay can you .. you تحكيلنا us الأول الأول عن your background ?
where were اتولدت born ? where are you اصلا؟ اصلا؟
have you اتعلمت at a national or international school ? إنجليزي or arabic ?
your background بتاعتك general
okay what was your study about at university ? أيه was your major ?
و did you choose التخصص major ده؟ or when .. ? what .. what is this major i mean ? when did you التخصص يعني؟ ?
okay when امتى you choose حاسبات ومعلومات؟ ?
امتى حددت you حددت or feel that you want to do this كده؟
تمام how was your study ازاي؟
what do you study في الكمبيوتر؟ computer الكمبيوتر؟ hardware ? software ? how is it ?
what is your التخرج مشروع about ? لو you tell تحكيلنا about it ?
طيب لو you will be مستقبليا children مستقبليا the مستقبليا , would أولادك like to be enrolled in a national ولا an international school ? هتحب language would you like them تعلمهم learn ; إنجليزي ولا french or ألماني؟ ?
which لغة would هتحب هتحب your children to speak it عارفين بطلاقة ?
have أنت traveled مصر before ?
can you tell us أيه؟ where have you been ? .. كنت long have you stayed there ? او .. what 's the place that you remember that عجبك liked it very جدا and that you wanted to go there once more كمنظر عجبك really liked عجبك شكله there ?
when سافرت سافرت abroad , did you make friends ? if yes , are you still in contact أصلا؟
okay which place do you تزوره want to تروحه؟ تروحه؟
why did you choose europe especially why did n't you choose america ? why .. why .. is there anything specific نفسك wanted to see there ?
تمام لأ okay if you had فرصة chance to travel abroad for a job or a scholarship , would هتحب leave your work here ده؟ you هتحب stay here because you hate traveling in general ? عام؟
okay can you tell us عن the best trip in egypt that you really liked the most ? you can mention a place that you have visited in egypt where you had a great time there doing many activities .. and it كان interesting .
i will read you السؤال question as it هو ; would أنك rather be محبوب ولا respected ?
you like people when أكتر work معاك you ..
okay why ليه؟ can you tell me why you do n't ماتحبش the idea أن he باعمل this for you because he liked you so he 's going to make whatever you liked منى؟
why you ليه تفضل like to be respected more than anything else ?
do you feel that it 's difficult to deal with people of a مختلف؟ social level ? do you feel that you ca اتعامل deal with them ? do أنا feel أنا you want أتعامل choose a way هو هيفهمها can understand ? do you want to change your الموضوع or you speak spontaneously معاك؟
have you ever عملت in that situation in an evaluation at university or something and you عملت مثلا to talk عن a topic that مننا did n't really understand so you would start mentioning sophisticated expressions in بالإنجليزي okay so that the person in front of you would feel that قدامك understand تمام ? have you tried يعني، before ?
and what was his الفعل بتاعه؟ كان believed بتاعه؟ ولا he decided to ask you more questions to اعرف whether you فاهم ولا لا؟ لا؟
تمام طيب well can you live without a mobile ?
أزاي أزاي and you هتتواصل بنعملها كل on your mobile ? تقدر can you contact مع الناس ?
okay , here 's the last question برا، can you choose anything and persuade تقنعنا with ? anything like studying masters , traveling abroad or anything else that أنت want to اقنعنا us with ?
هو have n't told you what my project ماقلتلكش و supposedly , أنا do n't ماتعرفش عن ماتعرفش project is about so فلما نخلص explain اشرحلك to you , you 'll be able to know whether my project is useful or useless ?
yes , i did n't read as much papers as i read انا i knew how this influenced people ?
this المشروع is like a personality test that you can do or you can know how the شخصية in front of you acts through it أن this will influence the way .. تشوف see the person in front of you and how he بتأثر according to في way of speaking ? فبالنسبة research-wise , this is so واسعة ; it 's not limited at all .
تمام , you 're the one who should convince بتقنعني not i am انا one .
for me انا i do believe أن my المشروع بتاعي important .
you may be convinced but you do n't say حاجة .
انت kept بتسألني me questions but i see that 's it 's important so you were n't convinced فانت you did n't say anything that i .. can be convinced ?
plus this المشروع will be هيستخدم for .. if the agencies take a lot of money from منك to take something you need from you at شركات أنا i will make an تطبيق في بتحولهولك the text into an audio or convert an audio into a text غير تدفع anything because هو تطبيق will be تدفع متاح
فأعتقد i think ان ده would save money for you and ان you can تذاكر people .
did he think that انت اقتنعت convinced or not ?
شكرا
okay , shall we start by تقولنا us about your background بتاعتك؟
كإنت were you born ? منين؟ are you from منين؟
did you go to a قومية or an international school ?
english or arabic
the background in general
تمام
what 's the .. the major that you are studying at university .
when did you اخترت this major ده؟ when did you حاسيت ان انت will go for this major ?
كنت did you بتدرس ? mainly .. mainly what was your education about ?
what do you learn at university الجامعة؟
and .. can you tell us عن your bachelor project ?
are أنت married ?
تمام طيب , يعني in general would you love to enroll your children في قومية national ولا an international مدرسة ?
which first اللغة would you like يكونوا to learn ; french , english or german ألماني؟ which one do you like most ?
و words are you going to teach them first ? i mean which language will you use to عرفوها them ال .. the .. الكلمات الأساسية words ? what were .. they , for example ?
يعني when we asked people , most of them said إنه working الحياة is روتين يومي routine بشكل a very different way .. but when you were a student , you had your free time for three months and you do n't do anything except انت doing whatever you want .
so فيعني working life ممكن be better for you but how do you feel when it comes to the اليومي routine as you get up every day to go to work then you go back البيت، الشغل، ترجع some rest , eat then sleep to wake up early تصحي go to الشغل؟ ?
can you tell us if you have ever اشتغلت a part-time , دوام كلي تانية او if you have attended any internships when you were a طالب ? how was it in general ? have كنت بتعمل .. what was your duties .. في the internship or في work ?
okay , well which place did روحته like the روحته in egypt , in general ? would you like to visit تروحله place one more time because you liked how the المكان looked like that you liked البيئة البيئة هناك or the .. the .. و nature there و things like that ?
تمام أكتر okay which time did you feel that it 's a turning point in your حياتك that you used to بتفكر in certain way و then you started to think about the عكسها thing or something totally different . you were % بت .. you decided تخش enroll in this major or to join another جامعة and you تماما changed your تفكيرك .
what حصلت .. what 's الحاجة point that happened then .. how did it change your كشخصية يعني؟
do you بتحس that you want to change your way ? your way of تاني؟ ? do you need to deal with بأسلوب in بأسلوب different way ?
طيب , would أنك rather تكون liked or respected ?
in class or حياتك في general عامة،في البيت، at home or anything else حاجة؟
هل would like be تفضل و liked ?
okay , مرة when you were a student at university or even any other موقف .. when were in a شغل interview where كنت were talking about a topic that مش do n't understand that you ca n't speak فيه .. you do بتتكلم know it well so أنت decided to speak english وخلاص بتقول sophisticated expressions أن the person in front of you feel that okay you really understand everything then he will change الموضوع؟ topic ?
تمام
okay can you تعيش without a mobile ?
okay , the أخر question can you choose anything .. anything أنت are convinced with to أنت us مقتنع convinced ?
anything you want
ممكن example we can study for our masters ماجستير، we نسافر، travel , we نسافر نسافر , or anything else ?
ماشي , شكرا you
okay we can start with نبتدي تقولنا us بتاعتك your background
where are إنت منين ? where were إتولدت born ?
كنت you go to a national or an دولية؟ school ?
english , arabic , french فرنسي؟
i mean الخلفية background .
okay.when you were at university , what was your major ? and .. و why did إختارت choose this major ليه؟
إمتى did you choose this التخصص ? when did you decide that you will go for this التخصص ? why did you choose it ليه؟ إحكيلنا was دراستك study ? tell يعني .
okay , this is a curious question . إنت you regretted the decision of changing or you ماندمتش؟ n't ?
can you تحكيلنا us about your bachelor مشروع ? would بتاعك mind telling us about the التخرج هيبر ?
i يعني عرفنا knew what دول are and how they بتعمل ?
لأ
okay , do you like reading القراية؟
تمام , do n't تفتكره have a specific book in your mind أو can you remember this book right now ?
okay , well , do you like watching movies ?
تمام مثلا can you tell us مثلا أكتر favorite movie is , what 's its story ؟طيب how was it ? when did you watch it ? was مثلا english و arabic ?
yes , maybe ممكن brief story
after university , what 's your dream job إيه؟ what do you want تشتغل work ? .. why do you want this career in particular ? و will you choose it ?
okay , now we will discuss the place you want to live in and that 's it .
okay have you attended any internships او had a full-time or part-time job ? can you tell us about your duties إيه؟
okay when you look at your father 's الجامعية؟ , do you بتحب working life or university life ?
which one do you prefer even لو you do n't experience خبرة working life ? would أنهي feel that it will be more comfortable or better بالنسبالك؟ you بالنسبالك؟
okay , well if you would like to travel abroad , هتحب أماكن will كنت go for ? we have just mentioned في places that you want to visit or try or live there كده
which moment do you consider هي turning نقطة in حياتك حياتك , where خلتك changed تفكيرك mind regarding your major ? you have mentioned before that you changed your major but if you have other turning نقطة or even في same turning نقطة , how did this turning point change your شخصيتك ?
do you بتحب تشتغل in a team أو individually تشتغل anything on your own whether في university or at work ?
okay , well , do you find any بصعوبة when you deal مع people from a different social levels .. do you find it difficult that طريقتك؟ have to change your way طريقتك؟ you want to تغير the way you speak ?
what unique quality do you have in your شخصيتك that you like the most ، what do you بتحبها that you are .. أنت شاطر at ?
okay طيب did it happen قبل that you were talking to حد at the university or anywhere else , while في an interview or an evaluation , و you were بتتكلم a topic that you do not fully understand , or in an عارف where أنت do n't understand the project well , so you start talking كلام english و you use complicated words so the other person would think that you understand everything , and bye bye ?
and did he .. believe that or إنه felt that you were saying nonsense .. ؟
okay , can you live without a mobile ?
in general
can you تعيش without من mobile or can تقدر never hold your mobile ?
no , in general موبايل phone calls , mobile , internet and everything
طيب , here 's the last question . can you choose anything أنت persuade us with or anything that في into your mind و persuade us with بيها
for مثلا , persuade us إحنا travel .
for example .. i مقتنع not مقتنع to leave مش أسيب and أسافر abroad .
are you مقتنع to leave انت مقتنع and تسافر abroad ? for example
no , i .. traveled .. traveled abroad before and i have stayed أسبوعين months there but after أسبوعين weeks passed , i felt that i want to go مصر to egypt .
i .. i .. انا feel إن i am satisfied dealing مع الناس here when it comes to the way i interact with اعمله , hanging out or having fun .
life there was totally different .
so i feel that i am satisfied هنا .
thank you
can you tell us about your background ? where were أنتى born ? .. did كنتى go to a قومية or دولية؟ دولية؟ school ? was it english or arabic عربي؟ what languages can you speak ?
okay , well and .. و تخصص did you go for at جامعة ? أمتى did you choose this major ده؟ what was دراستك study about ده؟ how was it يعني؟
okay , well , since you 're supposed to أنت في the bachelor semester , can you tell us عن بتاعك؟ bachelor مشروع ?
okay انت what 's your dream job ? after university بتفكري have بتاعتك؟ thought what تخلصى want to be in the future .. أيه 's أيه dream job ليه؟ ليه did اختارتي choose this job ?
okay , can تحكيلنا tell us about the تدريبات that you have attended قبل or any part-time or دوام jobs that you have tried ?
okay , do بتحسي feel that it 's difficult بتتعاملى deal with people of a different social مستوى مختلف؟ you مابتعرفيش n't know how to deal with them and بتحتاجي need to change your way ?
طيب , have you ever tried this before when you were in an evaluation where you were talking about a topic that you did n't really understand so أنتى 're forced بتتكلمى speak بتتكلمى إنجليزي and to تقولى sophisticated words فانت أوى so that the person in front of you felt that you understood everything already so he said bravo bye bye ?
okay , can you live without a mobile ?
okay , the last thing is to choose something and persuade us بيها؟ بيها؟
okay , well , good , thank you
shall we start by تحكيلنا تحكيلنا عن your background منين؟ where are you منين؟ ? where اتولدت منين؟ born فين؟ .. did you go to a national or an international school ? was it english , عربي ولا french or deutsch ? what about بتاعتك الخلفية and your الدراسة ?
okay , you did n't say that اللغات school was .. teaching what languages هناك like english , فرنسي , deutsch ?
okay .. okay كده it comes to university الحياة , after دخلت university , which major did you choose ? why did you choose this تخصص إيه؟ when were you interested in this major ? why did you choose this in particular ? بتدرس is your study عن in عامة؟ عامة؟ what are you studying ?
when .. when did you decide this .. you قلت that there 's a .. after the أول year
طيب since you 're supposed to أنت in the bachelor الدراسي , can you tell us about your bachelor project ?
okay
تمام
okay , interesting
أو movie do you like the most ?
okay what 's .. ايه 's your dream job بعد university ? what do you want to work ? and why ?
okay , can you tell تحكيلنا about .. any internships that عملتها attended or any part-time او full-time job that اشتغلتها have worked recently during الدراسة يعني؟
okay .. are there any moments in your life that you consider تخش تحول point , مثلا خلتك changed your mind , went for تخصص major او for another university other than the one that you had chosen ? did you feel that في this النقطة , you actually turned all your thinking يعني؟
okay , when you were at university or at work , would you like working in فريق or you تحب like to handle the مشروع individually , working on your لوحدك؟ ?
okay , do you feel that you بتشوف an easy person تتكلم talk with or not .. or بتحتاجوا have to فترة the ice for some time ?
okay , do you find it difficult when you deal with people من different social level ? ca n't you deal تتعامل؟ them تتعامل؟ do you need to change the way you كلامك، or the way you treat تعاملك؟ ?
okay , okay , have you ever tried this before إن you were in an evaluation where كنت were talking about a topic that you did n't really understand so you 're forced to speak تتكلم إنجليزي and to say sophisticated words so that the person in front of you felt that okay you understood everything already so he said bravo bye bye عليك، have you done عملت كده؟ ?
تمام
okay
okay
طيب ممكن since إنك have convinced a friend of yours that you play playstation and صحبك do n't know how to play playstation at all or even مابتعرفش anything about it حاجة، ..
can you تختار anything و تقنعنا us بيها، , anything that comes into your mind or that you imagine to persuade us to do بيها؟
can you تقنعنا تقنعنا to travel more , to نسافر or بتعملها do anything else اكتر،
i .. i am أنا working on my project.i do n't have time for traveling .
okay نسافر do n't have enough time in الأجازة weekend to travel يعني we will spend half of the weekend في the road ،الأجازة
okay it takes سافرنا عشر hours رايح، travel , ten hours علشان علشان يوم؟ only ?
so we have سافرت for two days and have يبقى there for يومين؟ days يومين؟ are n't you going to sleep at that time ?
i اقتنعت convinced .
تمام , thank you .
shall we start by تقولنا تقولنا about بتاعتك background ?
where are you from ?
where were you اتولدت ?
did you go to a national or an international school دولية؟
which languages did you study ? عربي إنجليزي , ألماني؟ , فرنسي or deutsch ?
okay , what about university ? or i do مش .. do n't mean في الجامعة name that you have joined but what is your major ?
what was your study about ?
كان your التخرج project about ?
when did you choose this .. التخصص or this field ?
okay , when did you choose this .. this .. major you enrolled in ?
and what was your bachelor project about ?
تمام
تمام
طيب , مستقبليا the مستقبليا when .. لما عندك will get تتجوز and يكون children , هتحب school will you choose for them ; a قومية or an international school ?
would you like them تدخلهم go to an english , arabic , french or deutsch مدرسة ألماني؟
why would هتحب like to choose حاجة like that ?
okay but .. what language .. first language هتبقى you مهتم your children have in education , is بتاعهم english ?
okay , if you .. لو انت n't been .. have n't been a ta , what would have been your dream مدرس ايه؟
كنت 's نفسك dream job when you were young ?
okay , well , good
okay , ممكن you تحكيلنا تحكيلنا عن your حياتك at work في general كده؟ إنت you worked before in a different place whether it 's a كامل جزائي or part-time كده or did you attended any internships when you were .. were a student ?
تمام
okay when did حياتك feel that it 's a turning point ? you were بتفكر about something but now كنت are thinking about حاجة else خالص، how that اليوم or that الوقت influenced your life or changed your way of thinking in general .
okay
ليه do ليه بتختار دي؟ الناس ? what do you .. like about فيهم ?
that one who ? .. what does بيعمل do ?
some prefer that الناس have to لازم me في class then it 's up to you whether you تحب me او you do n't like تحترمني، it 's up to براحتك ,
some people يقولك no , i will make you like تحبني .
okay
okay
which trait do you prefer about yourself and you do n't want to change because you بتحبها this about yourself ?
which trait that makes you avoid him , if this person has this trait , you wo n't deal with him ? i can not أتعامل with a person like that .. that has this trait كذه،
okay , well , once when you were في تقييم evaluation or anything and .. and .. and you were بتتكلم about something that انت do n't understand إن اوي have to speak english and you have to say كبيرة words so that the person in front of you feel that you understood everything ?
طيب أوي , when you كنت a student at university and you had an تقييم and there was something that إنت did n't .. did مش .. .. did n't .. did n't .. study .. you did n't know it very well , what did you do at that time ?
okay , can you تعيش غير a mobile ?
no , أكيد i do n't have such skill هو i wo n't choose it to persuade اقنعك لأ do
okay , well , thank you .
طيب خلفيتك، shall we start تقوليلنا telling us about خلفيتك، background ? أنت are اتولدتي from منين؟ من .. .. were you born منين؟ كنت you go to a قومية or an international school ? were the اللغات at this school إنجليزي، , عربي ألماني، ، ألماني، or french , تحكيلنا us ?
okay , ماشي
okay , do you prefer تدخلي your بنتك in a national ولا دولية؟ international school ? which language would you بتفضل إيه؟ why do you think of this ده؟ i mean what .. why .. why are you interested in this ?
okay
قليلين are few .
okay , is there any moment that you consider انها turning point , و you totally changed your mind regarding something at حاجة point ?
تمام طيب , لو .. طيب when you were a student at university , or even .. now , would you like بتحبي work in a team or individually to handle everything on لوحدك؟ حاجة لوحدك؟
if you .. you .. i mean you .. someone .. we like someone ونحترمه we تحبك ونحترمه but that what you want in class ، for مثلا to be respected and وبعدين to be liked or not liked it 's up to you but i should be respected في class ، for مثلا , do you understand ?
no , maybe آه the .. the one who بتحترمه liked لازم يكون المحبوب but it 's not necessarily the one who is respected is liked .
okay طيب، do you .. بصعوبة any difficulties when you deal with ناس of different social level or when you talk with them ?
طيب ماشي، , well , which صفة in you that you are happy with و إنت wo n't change forever إنت you want it to last موجودة؟ موجودة؟
okay , well .. طيب have you tried being in an evaluation أو something when you were a طالبة or when you were studying master 's or anything but the evaluation or the topic that you were talking about you did n't understand very well so تقولي تقولي start speaking إنجليزي كلام difficult words just okay to pass this situation .. ?
okay well , can you live without موبايل؟ موبايل؟ ?
و طب و communication-wise , how can you get in تتواصلي with people without .. a mobile in حياتك؟ life ?
okay .. okay آخر thing can you choose anything you want and persuade us with بيها، أي that إنتي can بيها، متخيلها , maybe we can travel نسافر، or نكمل ممكن complete master 's , or anything ?
no , i got convinced . i am convinced in general .
okay ماشي، well , thank شكرا ماشي،
okay , can you tell us about your background ? where are you منين؟ ? اتولدت were you born ? و و .. كنت كنت go to قومية national or an international school ? were اللغات اللغات كانت إنجليزي، عربي، , french , deutsch or عربي، ألماني؟ ? what languages did بتاعتك؟ study there ?
okay إنت languages did you learn في most ? كان there any other languages other than english and arabic ?
okay , what .. what كان your bachelor project about ? how was your bachelor project ? can you tell us عنه it كده؟
okay ماشي، well , in the future , would you هتحب بتفكر enroll ولادك children in قومية national or an international school ? هتحب kind of school would you تدخل for تدخلهم english , french or deutsch ?
what will زي be كده؟ هتهتم ?
okay if you .. .. you were n't a ال , what أيه أحلامك؟ dream الماجستير after competing مدرس 's أحلامك؟
why do you want عايز go for this job ?
okay , مثلا can you تحكيلنا us about your .. your .. your full-time or part-time شغل that you have worked or internships that you have attended when you كانت a student ?
okay , do you prefer working life or student المهنية .. i mean you have to study and do things like that ده قصدي do n't have the routine of working المهنية؟ ?
okay , do you consider yourself an easy person to talk معاه .. and to break الحواجز ice with معاه؟ إن they should take two or three يومين for breaking ice in order to be able to talk with معاك؟ معاك؟
do you بتحس that إنت need % ت .. تغير change your way of speaking and you need % ت .. % ت to تتعامل them in a غير way that you did n't get used to عليها؟
social level as money-wise , as education-wise
what do you like بتحبها about yourself ?
حاجة trait do you want to have forever in you and you do n't want to change because you like this .. الصفة دي very much ?
okay , هقدر trait that people have that فيه you avoid interacting with them ?
i مش n't know .. مش n't know .. أكون can i أكون common things between me and him ?
okay .. okay what causes stress to you ?
أيه situation makes you feel that you إنت so stressed و أكتر do n't know what to do إيه؟
okay كان السؤال next question is how you get over this stress , so you answered جاوبت .
طيب ماشي have you tried this جربت before when you were in an evaluation or anywhere else .. .. و إنت do n't know what you are بتعمله so you would speak in english و say topics .. sophisticated مصطلحات فاهم that the person in front of you felt that you understood everything .
yes , sometimes we do this in the projects أو in the .. in the evaluation .
no , it 's not fake فيك
okay إنت you live without a موبايل؟ موبايل؟
why ?
why ليه؟ إيه 's its importance in حياتك؟ حياتك؟ ?
anything
phd completion , traveling , نقعد in egypt , or anything
طيب اصلا , shall we start by telling تقولنا عن your background ? where are you from ? where were you born ? where you born in egypt ?
did كنت go في قومية national or an international school ? was كنت english , arabic , deutsch or french ? what about your background and your study ? tell us
okay , well . what is your study at university about in general اكتر؟ what do you study ?
يعني mean .. mean , for example مثلا my التخصص بتاعي all about computer systems , computer software and وبرامج and so on .
what is your study mainly about ?
have كنت decided or made the decision يعني go for this major ده mechatronics ميكاترونكس؟
okay , well , can you tell تحكيلنا about your .. your bachelor project بتاعك؟
i usually visit my relatives on the weekends قرايبي
i يعني visit my relatives on the الأجازات because my parents are n't here in قرايبي . i am قاعد لوحدي، here in قرايبي، دايما، . i either visit my family or احيانا go to the النادي، or hang out with my friends once by the end تقريبا كل term .
okay , well .. can you tell us what your dream job would be بعد university ? و why .. why do نفسك want to go for this المنصب ?
okay , when نزلت have attended an internship for لمدة شهر , .. of course يعني، you have seen الناس who are working there such as engineers or العمال او whoever , how was your يعني، ? will you prefer the working life or the .. the student life or .. or .. ال .. اجازة and a three-month vacation and so on ?
تمام يعني actually , you will prefer working life , or not
okay , well , have you ever traveled abroad ?
, okay if you have the chance .. لو the chance to travel abroad for a scholarship or a job offer , would you make this decision or you want to stay here ?
okay well ماشي، the question is still .. لو you got an offer to جالكعرض abroad for a دراسية as you would learn without paying a lot of money او got an offer to work abroad , definitely , لما it 's an offer for an engineer , of course the salary would be فارق more فارق than that هنا in مصر، , would انت هتاخد this decision or not ?
okay is there في moment in حياتك life that you يعني a turning نقطة and that you بتفكر بتفكر في something , كنت were thinking of the major then you decided to change your mind .. and go for something else ?
okay would you تفضل تكون محبوب or تحترمك؟ تحترمك؟
do تحب like الناس do you حاجة favor because عشان respect you and that they have to do this or because they هم علشان and do this for you in order not to be annoyed or because they فعلا like you ?
تمام , well do you feel that نفسك are an easy person that people can talk with و .. ياخده along عليه quickly ولا you should take time for ice breaking then you can نتكلم and نقدر ناخد with one another ?
okay و do you find it difficult to deal with people من different social level ?
do you feel that you do n't know how ت .. talk معاهم them or you need to change your way and attitude as well as your way of speaking ?
okay , ايه makes you feel stressed و .. what بتخليك stressed و .. you feel that you تعملها a lot to do or كده .. so you feel ان انت are stressed ? what makes you be in such mood ?
the last question , can انت choose عايزها و persuade us of ?
it will come when you really want to do ما it 's not .. about the المهارات that you acquired at university , i will need more , انت can not do this , , انا will need to .. to help اساعدك with it فيها، and .. and the same time , i am doing something .. when i want to do something related to hardware , i can not continue it alone without you , for مثلا .
no man can serve two masters .
if i am مركز on what i am doing و انت are focused on what you are doing بتعمله، we will get the احسن result , right ?
exactly , however , both الآخر، by the النهاية، مكملين مهمين and compatible .
exactly
شكرا، شكرا، , شكرا
okay , تمام school was national or international ?
okay
what languages did you study at school english ولا فرنسي .. or ألماني or what ايه؟
when تحكيلنا were at university , you said that أنتي major , can you tell us about your major ? و بتاعك المشروع .. bachelor project
okay , can you تحكيلنا us about a فيلم ..
okay what about إنتي .. are انتي married ?
طيب in the المستقبل when .. you تدخلي يتعلموها your children to a school whether it 's national or international ? would هتحبي choose for them arabic , إنجليزي or french ? what would you be interested يتعلموها يتعلموها your بيها ?
طيب و it will be an ordinary قومية or international مدرسة ? okay , you can be in a private school but it could بس national or international ?
it في قومية national school but خاصة .
okay well , أنتي you مش انت مش .. were n't a teacher assistant now , what would be your dream وظيفة when بتاعتك were at university , what would you like تشتغلي إيه؟ إيه؟
طيب and .. and have you ever عملتي internships at university أو something حاجة؟
طيب now would you prefer الحياة working life or تفضلي want to be a طالبة again و you prefer the student life , university , assignments , tas , و at the same الوقت there 's a three-month vacation ?
why ?
okay do you consider yourself an سهل person to talk with ? is it easy .. or you محتاجة some time تعارف ice عشان to deal with people ? can you talk with them easily or they talk with you easily بسهولة؟
okay do you find it بتحسي في .. when you deal with people of different social level do you feel that it 's difficult or that you need to تغيري your way or the way كلامك act ?
what trait do you like most في yourself and أنتي you want بتحبيها نفسك it , you do n't need تفضلي change this .. this is what أنتي like ?
طيب أكتر what صفة makes you .. ignore الصفة person in front of you as أتعامل feel أنا you do n't want to deal مع this person ده has فيه such الصفة ?
طيب can you .. you tell تقوليلنا إيه what makes you feel مضغوطة the most and .. and uncomfortable ? what makes you feel nervous مرتاحة؟
تمام إزاي and how can you get over it ? how do you solve this ?
تمام ماشي , well have you tried being في أي situation in an evaluation or something and you were a طالبة و .. and then فإبتاديتي talked about a topic أنتي you did n't understand so تتكلمي spoke إنجليزي and used فإبتاديتي كلام words so that the person in front of قدامك would think , أنتي , you already understand فاهمة فخلاص let خلينا نعدي ال .. evaluation ?
okay have you ever felt this when you .. you were in an تقييم when a student did this in an evaluation and he فاهم to understand everything و actually he did n't فاهم anything ?
okay can you live without a mobile موبايل؟
yes
okay
تمام yes
okay
okay
طيب the last سؤال can you choose anything and persuade us of anything مثلا example completing نكمل research , masters or phd , anything according to your life experience choose anything and إقنعينا بيها، us of
تمام
okay thank you
okay shall نبتدي start by telling us about your background , where are you from ? أنت were you born ? and .. and مدرستك school was national or international ? what اللغات were there english إنجليزي، عربي، , deutsch , french ? after that جامعتك، what about your university ? i mean give give us a background عنك؟ you ?
okay and you اصلا 's your major and why did بتاعتك اخترت التخصص التخصص ?
طيب أنت have you known that you ناوي join حاسبات ومعلومات or have you decided to دخلت university ? i mean when you were في the ثانوية secondary did you feel انه .. او were looking for joining حاسبات science ?
okay can you tell us عن bachelor project what is your bachelor project about .. i mean give us موجز brief about it عنه؟
okay can you tell us أيه the hobbies that you have or if you have specific hobbies that you practice في your free وقت يعني؟
okay do you have a favorite quote or .. or مقولة معينة مقولة مقولة that تفتكر usually remember ?
طيب انت do تتفرج like watching أفلام؟ ?
okay can you تقولنا us a فيلم that you بتحبه what 's قصته story or what does it talk ايه، a movie that you remember and that it 's always in دماغك mind ?
okay في المستقبل future have your ever thought about this .. would you enroll your children to a school whether it 's national ولا international ? would you choose for them a school that teaches عربي , english , french ولا .. or deutsch ?
okay have you traveled مصر before كده؟
which place do you really want تزوره go .. want نفسك visit ?
طيب و if أنت got the فرصة to travel abroad for a job offer or a scholarship to تدرس abroad ان لو you made this القرار or you want تدرس stay here هنا؟
okay do انت consider yourself an سهل person يحصل talk with و هم need time for ice breaking so that تتكلموا؟ can تتكلموا؟ تتكلموا؟
okay do you find it بتيجي when you بتتعامل with people من different social مستوى whether it 's a lower or higher level , do you feel that you محتاج تغير change your way , do you want تغير change your way of speaking or something ?
okay what trait do .. you like about yourself that you want بتحبها to تفضل forever and انا you do n't want to تتغير عايزها at all ?
okay can you live without a موبايل and .. و قولنا us يعني؟ in both cases ?
okay last question سؤال، can you مقتنع anything و persuade us of ?
thank you
okay ممكن can نبتدى نبتدى بتاعتك telling بتاعتك about your background , where do you come from منين ومدرستك did ومدرستك go to a national or international school دولية؟
okay طيب و .. و after school , أنتى you دخلتى to university , what was the major ?
تمام
okay well what was your study about عامة university what were كنتوا studying ?
okay مثلا can you tell us about your masters and your bachelor project i يعنى how your تعليمك career went after that كده؟
okay are you currently working on ماجستير؟ 's ماجستير؟
okay is تمام topic موجود؟ ? would you love to tell us about it عنه؟
okay
okay .. are you going تدخليهم تدخليهم your children in قومية national or دولية؟ international school in المستقبل future ? هتخليهم language will they be focusing عليها at school دولية؟ what will be يركزوا first language ? english , ولا french or deutsch or any other لغة like japanese for example ?
okay well بس .. هنا in egypt مافيش are n't a lot of يابانية schools for example ..
okay
if you were n't مساعد teacher assistant or مساعد lecturer assistant كنتى would be your dream job إيه؟ وكنتى why would you choose this كده؟
okay can تحكيلنا تحكيلنا us عن .. عن internships that you attended or any full-time or part-time jobs that you worked .. .. what were you doing ?
تمام طيب .. after you have ماخلصتى university would you prefer the working life ولا the student life و .. and that you have to study but at the same time انتى have أجازة three-month vacation and a يعني؟ وحياة ?
okay أبدا which trait do you like about yourself and you want it to last موجودة إن you تتغير never change you want to have it forever ?
okay
اه
ايوة why ?
i mean that .
okay انتى makes you feel .. stressed مضغوطة؟ what makes you feel stressed or nervous ?
okay و .. and إزاى do you handle .. this الضغط ? how do you بتتعاملى with this how do you treat yourself how do you تعدى over this ?
تمام طيب when you were a student have قدامك tried speaking in an evaluation about something that you do n't بتتكلمى تقييم so you say sophisticated words and speak تتكلمى english so that the person in front of you believe that تتكلمى really understand then he will say bye باي باي and leave
okay for example , when we were students and were تقييم an evaluation وكلام when i did n't really understand this part , أتكلم started speaking وكلام english so that .. the person in front of me was okay saying that i did understand everything because i mentioned sophisticated مصطلحات و bye bye have أنتى tried to do this كده
okay
yes
okay can you live without a mobile ?
no i mean that you تعيشى without موبايل mobile مش do n't mean that you stay for one ساعة without a mobile let 's say that you تعقدى a month without موبايل mobile
why ?
do فى you feel that it 's important to communicate with الناس؟ الناس؟ تتواصلى communicate مع your family ? to communicate مع your friends صحابك؟ and if من 's social media , you can know الأخبار news and كل . or ولا ..
okay last question please can you عايزاه anything and persuade وتقنعينا of ?
تمام
okay شكرا you
طيب shall نبتدي نبتدي by telling us about your background ، where are you from ? where were you born ? and .. انت your school was national or international ?
where are أصلا from منين؟
where were you born كده؟
what languages did you study at school ?
تمام ماشي well did you study any other languages that you بتاخدي as a second language other than français ?
طيب after that when it comes to education career when دخلتي joined university what تخصص did دخلتي choose ?
and why did you choose this التخصص ?
okay حسيتي when did you feel that انت like this major ?
when you were in الأي general secondary or في ig جي did you feel that you wanted تخشي go for computer ومعلومات، , عجبك عجبك like وكده ؟
okay what was your bachelor مشروع about ايه؟
if you are ماجستير on your masters , can you tell us about that عنها؟
تمام انت انت do you have a favorite quote that you usually remember ?
okay i guess that your daughter is still young and she has n't مادخلتش to school yet
okay ان about خطتك خطتك are you going to enroll her in a national ولا an دولية؟ school ?
are you planning to تدخليها تدخليها in a school that teaches english , فرنسي or deutsch or إيه ?
تمام
what كان it ?
why were you ليه about being a wedding planner ?
طيب انت have n't you traveled abroad قبل ?
تمام طيب well can you tell لنا about the places that you روحتيها for example the مميز remarkable scene that you can still remember and you هتنسيه هتنسيه forget ؟
okay which place do نفسك really want to ليه ?
تمام well
okay what if you got فرصة chance to ..
so why ?
طيب دلوقت if you had the chance to تسافري abroad as a عمل offer or a scholarship would you prefer that or هتفضلي would هتفضلي here ?
okay what if you حسيتى that في يوم supposedly فقدرتوا got an offer for ليكي and your husband to be able تسافروا travel and start living حياتكوا
can تحكي تحكي us about a مكان you visited in مصر that you like the most وعجبك
a visit that you will never forget ?
okay do you have a مثل model in your حياتك you do n't have to mention a role model for all fields but you can just mention one in كل field في example in life or at home such مثلا your father and mother and another مثلا model at work في different fields مختلفة؟
yes
okay do بتعتبري consider نفسك نفسك easy person to تتكلم معاه أو you need some time for ice breaking so that you can have time to get along على people and talk to them تتكلموا؟ or it 's very easy to talk with you .. to talk with معاكي من the أول day .
تمام
okay
okay do بتحسي find it difficult when you deal with ناس من different social مستوى أن انت need to تغيري your way ? your way of speaking كلامك؟ أسلوبك؟ your attitude or something ?
okay
okay what trait do .. أكتر like about بتحسي بيها and أنا هو happy with .. that you want it to تبقى forever and that you do n't want to change it at all ?
okay
هقدر trait makes you avoid people because it هقدر be difficult بالنسبة you to deal with people that have such trait ?
okay what makes you feel .. متوترة شايلة يعني what makes you feel worried or nervous ?
okay and how do you handle مع ?
ازاي do you deal with this ?
طيب، , ممكن we start by telling us عن your background ? where are you from ? where were you born ? did you go to a national or an international school ? were the languages at this school english ولا arabic , فرنسي or deutsch or what ?
okay , what was the .. the language بتاعتها أنت school ?
طيب، طيب، بعد joining الجامعة , كده major and .. and when did أختارت choose التخصص major أو when did you decide this major ده؟
okay , can you tell تحكيلنا about دراستك study at university what was it about can you tell بتاعك about أيه؟ topic of your bachelor مشروع ?
what was it عن ايه؟
تمام طيب، , have you سافرت abroad ?
okay طيب well .. which place do you really تزوره، to visit , do you want to تسافرله تسافرله place outside egypt ?
okay , well . if you had the chance to travel abroad for a دراسية عمل or منحة دراسية أو something , would you make this decision ? if yes , would you .. you do this without تفكير كده؟
طيب، , can you تحكيلنا تحكيلنا about .. about .. about .. a مصر that you have visited هنا in egypt or a remarkable place for you that you liked و enjoyed the بتعملها there .. activities that you did there ?
okay
okay , and .. and in general do you prefer تشتغل individually or in a team and why ده؟
طيب، , do you consider نفسك محتاجين easy شخص to talk with .. or هم need time for ice breaking first then you can talk together ?
طيب، , do بتحس find it بصعوبة في التعامل deal with people من different اجتماعي level ? do you feel need تغير تغير your way , your words or the way كلامك treat them ?
okay , can تقولنا tell us about a trait أنت you بتحبها the most about نفسك، , i يعني it 's a صفة انت you feel that عايزها do n't want to change بتحبها ?
okay طيب، what trait that makes you ignore في الشخص in front of you because you ca n't accept تتقبلها، , if a person has this trait , you can not deal with him معاه؟
okay have you جربت جربت in an evaluation او something , and you are talking about something that you do n't really understand so انت start تتكلم إنجليزي and you say sophisticated words so it will be okay و the situation will pass so the person in front of you says that you really understand everything and it يعنى؟ over ?
okay , can you live without a mobile or تقدر can not and ليه؟ ?
طيب، طيب، the أخر question سؤال، can you choose anything .. anything and persuade us of ? anything you can see and you are persuaded of and you will make make us نقتنع نقتنع بيها؟
okay , well , shall we start by telling us about your background بتاعتك، where are انتى from ? where were you born ? did you got to a قومية or an دولية school ? وكنت it teach english , فرنسي , or deutsch ?
okay , well , can you tell us about your university , what was your تخصص ? كنت did كنت study , for example ? what about بتاعتك التخرج project ?
أنتى you .. you traveled قبل regardless of التدريب؟ internship ? have you gone to any other place ?
okay can تحكيلنا tell us about the experience that you gain from your visits , يعنى يعنى what كان the difference between thailand , malaysia عن paris ?
okay .. what كان مميز most remarkable scene when you visited those المكان ? which place makes you very happy that you felt that you wanted to go there and you will still remember دايما forever .
و if .. you got the chance to travel برا، for a job offer أو a scholarship , would you make this decision ولا you would say that you أفكر think about it or to أقعد هنا؟ هنا؟
have you سافرتى inside egypt a lot ?
طيب did you ever feel like this is a تحول point in your life ? that you changed your way تفكيرك بتفكري after that point ?
okay , well would you بتحبى تشتغلى work at university او in عامة you would like to work in a team ولا you تحبى to work لوحدك؟ ?
تمام ماشي well and if you انت in a team and .. and a member of this team was longer motivated at all and he was irritate , can you تتصرفى with مثلا situation or you ca n't .. can you encourage him ?
تمام
طيب what makes you feel stressed ?
تمام ازاي , how do you deal with this ? or how do بتتعاملي handle this stress ?
okay well have you ever tried talking about a topic that you do n't بتتكلمي understand و you have decided to فتتكلمي بقى english and to تتكلمي بتاع كلام يعني so that the one in front of you realizes that تتكلمي really understand everything ?
what was the reaction of اللى person in front قدامك you ? كان he بيقتنع ولا he بيقولك you that you were saying nonsense بتحوري؟
okay can تعيشي live غير a موبايل ?
ليه؟ ?
okay the last question can you تختاري anything و persuade us of ?
but for example مثلا شهادات و things like كده
nobody would accept me to work as a tv presenter because أنا do n't have مذيع certificate
okay , شكرا you
okay , shall we start by telling us about your background ? where are you from ? where were you أصلا ? did you go to a national ولا an international مدرسة دولية؟ was the language كت إنجليزي , french or ألماني؟ and so on ?
okay well and can you tell us about your التعليم for example the .. the university ? what was your تخصص ?
and .. and what were you بتدرسى for example and .. and what was بتاعك bachelor project about ?
well what was your الدراسة about غير في .. your project ? what were the specific عامة that كنتي studied ?
okay , have you بتفكرى to go for طيب
you .. or عندك عندك a daughter
a son , okay
are you planning to enroll ابنك son in a national ولا an international school دولية؟ what language will you go for .. and what language will هو focus on ومهتمة ومهتمة in teaching يتعلمها دولية؟
okay in what language do you .. بتعلميهاله بتعلميهاله ال ب .. first لغة؟ لغة؟
هو old is he now .. now ?
okay have you .. you سافرتى anywhere else .. other than the place where you took the course ?
okay
okay which مكان do you like the most and you want to visit it جدا أن you usually like going there and you like this place very أبدا؟ ودايما you will never forget ?
okay is there any specific place that you want to visit ? that you wish to travel ?
okay
okay ان if أنتى got the فرصة to .. to travel abroad for a عمل offer أو a scholarship , would you take the chance or not in حالة you are alone or in case you are with your family .
okay
okay a moment that you consider a turning نقطة in your حياتك وحسيتى where أنه .. your way of thinking changed at that time ?
okay , do you بتعتبرى yourself an easy شخص to talk with or علشان need time for ice تعارف؟ ?
okay , what trait do you like صفة much about yourself فى ومش you do n't want to change it ?
okay what صفة makes you ignore people إن قدامك wo n't تتعاملى with them again ?
تمام
okay have you tried being in تقييم situation like موقف تقييم أو something and تقولى بتتكلمى about a موضوع that you do n't understand well كويس you start speaking in english saying sophisticated words because فاهم the person in front of you says that you خلاص everything and it will يعدي؟ ?
okay
okay , well what was the reaction of the person in front of you قدامك؟ كان he believe ده or not ..
طيب , can you live without a mobile ?
why ?
okay , well as for the last حلوة , choose anything and persuade us بيها ; anything you are persuaded بيها and أنت will let وتقوليلنا do it أو persuade us that it 's really and أنت we should be persuaded of
okay , thank you
okay , shall we start بتاعتك telling تعرفنا about your الخلفية ? أنت are أنت from ? من were you born ? .. did you go to a قومية or an international المدرسة ? was it english , arabic , فرنسي or deutsch ?
okay after the .. the education , what about your career ?
which جامعة did you join ? which major did you choose ? when did you choose this التخصص ? and when did you feel that you want to تخشه؟ for تخشه؟ major تخشه؟
okay , well , can تحكيلنا tell us about your bachelor project and the masters later on so what كانت the topic about actually ?
okay and what الماجستير؟ master 's ?
okay , have you traveled before for a job or having fun ?
can you tell us عن the places that you visits and which place do you you like the most that you want to سفرتها again and نفسك will remember it دايما ?
okay و well , if you got the chance تسافر travel abroad for a كعرض offer or a scholarship , would you تاخد this القرار or ولا ? and why would you make it quickly and why would you say no ?
طيب أيه and أيه place do you want to travel ?
okay can you tell us about .. about a place that you have visited in egypt where you عملت many activities there و you had fun ?
okay
okay , do you بتعتبر yourself a difficult person to talk with or ولا .. not it 's easy to talk with الناس i يعنى do you need time for ice breaking or it 's easy for الناس to تكلمك with تكلمك easily ?
okay , well , what trait makes you ignore people that you wo هتقبل accept them or deal with them ?
تمام طيب , well , have you tried جربت in an evaluation or an مقابلة and .. .. and فإنت discuss a موضوع that أنت do n't really understand so تتكلم start speaking in english saying sophisticated words قبل to pass the interview and the .. the .. the evaluation ده يعدى؟ ?
okay
okay
as for أخر last حاجة , choose anything and persuade us of ?
anything حاجة، anything that you .. you see و be persuaded بيها and حاسس feel that we .. i mean you are persuaded of .. it 's not necessarily to be something academic or for fun anything funny , مضحكة ممكن تبقى anything .
thank you
okay , shall we start by telling us about your background ? where are بتاعتك from ?
and .. and did you go to a national or an international مدرسة ? what were the languages there ; french , deutsch or إنجليزي ولا what ايه؟
okay , بعد that , when it comes to المسار التعليمي career , which major did you choose ? and why did you أختارتى التخصص التخصص ? and أمتى did you feel أن أنتى want تروحي go for this major ?
okay مثلا، can you tell us about your bachelor project , what was it about ? و لو you started preparing for masters , can you tell us what is the topic of أيه masters ?
طيب , what was your dream job and كنتى were بتاعتك interested in this .. المهنة job ?
okay , can you tell us about أى previous part-time or full-time شغل or internship that you had during الجامعة و can you tell تحكيلنا how was it ?
تمام طيب , well , do هل prefer the working life or university life كطالبة؟ a كطالبة؟ ?
okay
okay , have أنتى traveled مصر قبل ?
okay طيب among the places that you traveled , which place did you like the most and you want to visit it again تانى، a مكان you will أنتى forget ?
do you feel أن محتاجة want to change your way ? do you feel that you can not deal with them تتعاملى؟ or that you are not comfortable ?
okay and what trait makes do you like most في yourself انتي you do n't بتحبيها to change at all ? you think عايزاها 's good and you want to keep it forever ?
okay , what trait makes you ignore الشخص و if موجودة have such trait أو you wo n't accept تتقبلي .. you wo n't know how to تقبليه تقبليه and deal with معاه؟ ?
okay , have you tried being in .. في an interview or an مقابلة و you speak إنجليزي saying تتكلمى words because you are تتكلمى a topic أنتى أنتى do n't really كبير so you start تقولى get out من this situation by doing this و تقولى sophisticates words so that يحس person in front of you feel that you really فاهمة؟ فاهمة؟
can you live غير a موبايل and if yes , why and if no , why ليه؟
as for the last سؤال , choose anything و persuade تختارى of , you ممكن حاجة أن us to complete masters , to travel , أن stay here نقعد، أن join .. or to be tas مساعد، anything .
well , ماشى , thank you
طيب , ممكن we نبتدي أن telling us about your background ? and .. and where are you أصلا؟ فين؟ where were you born ? .. did you go to قومية national or لا international school ? was it english , عربي و فرنسي or ألماني؟ ?
okay , after that , when it comes to your education مسار , after joining university , which تخصص did you choose ? when did you decide to go for this major ده؟
تمام , then generally , أيه؟ was your study about ? what did study in computer science ? what was your التخرج مشروع عنه؟ ?
and .. and after that did you complete masters ?
have you ever traveled مصر apart from the .. the bachelor project ?
okay , can you tell تحكيلنا about الخبرة experience , how was it ? which place did أزاي أزاي most ? و you liked .. كانت to go there again and you will still remember that place forever دايما؟
can you tell us about the experience of السفر in general و which مكان will you still remember و you always want to go there again , this المكان يعني in your memory that you will never forget . it looked great .
و place did you like when you سافرت and you want to go there again as you remember this place very well ?
and .. what if you جاتلك the chance to travel abroad for a scholarship or a job عرض , would you take this القرار ?
okay
okay , do أنت بتعتبر نفسك an easy person to talk with or محتاجين تتكلم time for ice breaking بينكوا؟
طيب , do you find if بصعوبة when you deal مع people of a different social level , whether it 's higher or lower ? do you feel that you want to change your way and your كلامك؟ ?
okay
okay , هقدر trait makes you ignore الشخص and if people have such trait , you wo n't deal معاه، them and you ca n't أتعامل with them ?
okay
طيب what makes بتخليك stressed و nervous ?
okay طيبذ have you tried تكون in .. in an interview or an evaluation at university discussing a topic that تبقى do n't really understand so you speak تتكلم english saying sophisticated words just to pass مقابلة interview or the .. ال situation يعدى؟ ?
okay , can you تعيش without a mobile موبايل؟
okay , as for the last question , can you تختار أي to persuade us of بيها؟ أي that comes into your mind and you are persuaded of , whether it 's traveling , masters , working or anything ?
okay , shall we start بتاعتك، talking about your background ? where are you from ? did you تعرفنا في a قومية or an international school ? what were the languages taught at school ? إنجليزي فرنسي or french or deutsch ?
okay , well , after that , when it comes to your التعليم مسار بتاعك which تخصص did you choose إيه؟ and .. and why did اختارت choose this التخصص ? وامتى did you decide that أنت want to go for ال .. التخصص التخصص ده؟ ده؟
okay , can you tell تحكيلنا about your .. study ? what do بتاعتك الدراسة in general at الجامعة و .. and what is your bachelor مشروع about .. what is it إيه؟
طيب , can you tell us about your daily routine ? what do you do after getting up في the الإسبوع ? how does your day go إزاى؟
okay , what are .. are your hobbies ? what are you بتحب in doing ? listening to music ، watching movies , playing , what are your hobbies ?
okay , well , do you like listening to songs ?
okay , do تسمع like listening to arabic or english إنجليزي؟ و example مثلا tell أحكيلنا .. tell me about أغنيتك favorite اغاني or your favorite singer .
okay , well do you like watching أفلام؟ أفلام؟
okay طيب can you tell us about a فيلم that you like and ممكن you تقول us its story سريعا؟ ?
okay انت بعد university , what about your career job ? what تكون job do نفسك want أيه؟ what do you want to work حاجة؟
أكتر really want to work in coding أشتغلها should n't be related في .. to management and i do n't want to lead a فريق . i just want بتعامل بتعامل on the ناس on my laptop doing everything في if it 's not working , أحاول هو fix it يعني
okay , well , after بتحب working الحياة , what would عندك تفضل working المهنية or .. or الطلاب life at university و .. and having a three-month vacation ?
okay , have you traveled مصر before ?
طيب مثلا , can you tell me what were كنت doing there and .. what المكان تعمل like most and you want to مسافر it again ?
okay , if أنت got الفرصة chance تسافر travel abroad for a عمل offer أو بمنحة scholarship , would you prefer this or you would want to تعقد هنا ?
okay طيب is there a وقت in your life that you consider a turning point , where your طريقة of thinking اتغيرت؟ ?
okay , do you like working in teams or تشتغل like تشتغل لوحدك؟ لوحدك؟
تمام ليه؟ , why لو although you can handle everything individually الدنيا لوحدك هتبقى be هتتعامل of بكل regarding the project .
okay , in general , do you have a role model , it يكون n't necessarily to be an absolute role model ? but you can have a specific role model in ال .. a specific field في .. in life ?
طيب , there is a question . would أنك rather تكون محبوب or respected ? و why ?
but sometimes , الأوقات will هتحس انت it 's impossible .. impossible تعجب liked by everyone أكيد definitely , أكيد everyone will agree on you . الشخص may tell you that i .. i like him أو love him and another واحد will say no , opinions will be هتختلف .
طيب , do you consider yourself an easy شخص to talk with or they need وقت for ice breaking to تتكلموا able تتكلموا تتكلموا with you ?
طيب قدامك .. في trait that makes you ignore the شخص in front of you and you تقبله not deal with him or even تقبله him
okay , well , what makes you بتخليك مضغوط؟ ?
how وإزاي you handle مع ? do you have an idea .. بتعمل to do in general لما you مضغوط stressed ?
okay , have you tried discussing a topic in an evaluation or an interview as you do n't understand this topic very well so فإنت تبتدي تقول in english saying sophisticated words علشان that التقييم interview أو the التقييم will pass و .. and the one in front of قدامك will feel that you understand everything خلاص؟
okay و and كان رد reaction of the person in front of you ?
okay , did that person believe that or .. بيمسك focused في the الأسئلة؟ الأسئلة؟
okay , can you live غير a mobile ?
why , what 's its أهميته ؟
okay , as for the last question بيها، can you choose anything و .. and persuade تقنعني of ? anything you want or anything you أنت persuaded of such as traveling , staying أقعد، , studying master 's or working or حاجة؟ ?
تمام ماشي , well , thank you
okay , shall we start by تقولنا us about your الخلفية ? where are you from ? did you go to a national or an international school ? what was الخلفية اللغة بتاعتها english , arabic or french or what else إيه؟
okay you are egyptian and you كنت born in cairo ?
okay , well .. well و after university .. which major did you دخلت ? and .. and why did أختارت choose this major ? or why were you interested in this ?
okay , can you tell us عن the other الخطط such as الخطة a that عندك used to have , for example مثلا؟
تمام but what .. i mean ال .. what makes you feel that it will be difficult and why did n't you join the تمثيل institute أو something كده؟
i أنا n't know what .. what is included there .. why did n't you take the track بتاع acting or directing as you would learn تمثيل and directing and study تمثيل و acting .. ال .. you will grow .. i mean what makes you feel that it would be difficult or it 's not guaranteed ?
okay did you decide the تخصص of engineering يعني you did n't know that you would choose this ?
okay , have you traveled مصر before ?
و مثلا، , can تحكيلنا tell سافرت where did you travel فين؟ what did you do ? which place كنت you like the most ?
okay , is there any في place that you تروحه، to visit تروحه، نفسك you wish to travel to it له؟
okay , well , what if you got .. فرصة the فرصة to .. تسافر travel for a job offer or a scholarship , would you make this decision or ولا لأ؟ و would you think of while making this decision ?
طيب , do you consider yourself an easy شخص that people can talk with or محتاج need time for ice breaking ?
okay , which trait do you like about yourself and بتحبها that you want تفضل have forever without any changes ?
okay , which هي makes أكتر ignore people أن you can not deal في them معاه؟
okay have تقديمي tried being in an عرض at university or in general في a presentation at school or something and you discuss a topic that you do n't really understand so you start تتكلم in english or فرنسي saying sophisticated words so that الموضوع person in front of you feels that أنت understand everything و الموضوع will pass .
تمام
okay , what was their reaction ? did بتاعهم يعني؟ .. believe what you said and حسوا that you really understand or not ?
طيب , can أنت live without موبايل؟ موبايل؟ ?
why ليه؟
okay , as for the last question , can you choose anything .. و تقنعنا persuade تقنعنا of ? أي that you are persuaded بيها to make us be persuaded بيها؟
شكرا you
okay , shall we start by تقوليلنا us about تقوليلنا background ? where are أنتي from ? كنتي you تقوليلنا في a national or دولية؟ international school ? was it english , french or ألماني؟ ? tell us عن your start .
طيب، يعني , انتي اصلا you from ? where مولودة you born ?
in cairo تمام
okay بعد school , دخلتي had دخلتي university , which major did you choose ? when did you decide to go for this major and أيه makes you حببك in التخصص major فيه؟
okay this .. this has to do with joining university , but why did ليه choose engineering i mean why did n't you مادخلتيش pharmacy , why did n't مادخلتيش join تطبيقية؟ arts ?
okay
i يعني you have chosen engineering not by exclusion , that you said no to this , and that .
okay
okay تمام، well .. طب أيه، did أنتي تخشي which .. انت major you wanted .. i يعني what are تتخصصي going to تتخصصي majored in or you still do n't know ?
و what makes interested in mechatronics ميكاترونكس؟ what makes أنتي like met , for مثلا؟ ?
okay , well
تمام طيب , well , are you مخططة بعد that , for example , after .. ال .. الجامعة to complete masters at one or you .. you تسافري or تشتغلي at once ولا أنتي still do n't عارفة؟ ?
okay
okay
تمام
okay , have you .. worked before في an منظمة or joined a scout for مثلا or .. or mag or something .
okay مثلا، what about ال role , what were you doing ? ممكن you tell us about this الفترة ?
only بس
okay what were you doing في .. في .. in the scout ? did كنتي attend any sessions or any camps ?
okay , well , according to .. to .. to the short period of الفترة when you worked in such المنظمات , do you prefer تبقى a student that studies and takes a three-month أجازة or you prefer working and .. و .. and you تبقى responsibilities other than university و studying ?
تمام بس after الجامعة، , will you have an official شغل، .. job , for example , if you were a بابا or mother كده، فإنتي you prefer .. prefer المهنية life or university الجامعية؟
okay , well , have سافرتي ever سافرتي مصر ?
okay , أيه place أيه you want to visit , نفسك want تسافريله؟ travel to ?
okay , well , can you tell تحكيلنا about a place that you visited هنا in egypt where you liked the activities that you did , which landscapes did you like ?
okay , well , لو you جاتلك the chance تسافري تسافري as you did before , if جاتلك got the chance to تسافري for a دراسية or a job offer and .. and you should travel and leave everything , would you do هنا or not و ليه؟ ليه؟
ماشي تيجى، for sure , you would travel then come back أجازات، هتيجي would have vacations but .. your job is based هناك، , يعني mean you can stay there for three او four شهور then you come and stay two أسبوعين، here , تلت or four months there and two weeks here
would you accept this ده؟
but for example , لو you أشتغلتي هناك and worked and your salary became high then you come هنا to work كبر egypt and you found that your المرتب was a quarter بتاعك the previous salary الربع، would فانتي go هترجعي؟ there ?
by النهاية end ما هو and come and it 's okay as this is ده اختيارك but still there some factors that influence you .
أنتي if you came back , you wo n't be in the same value or position .
okay , do أنتي بتعتبري yourself an easy person that people تتكلم talk with و you need time للتعارف ice للتعارف as they need time to talk معاكي؟ معاكي؟ ?
okay , well , does it sometimes cause any .. any مشاكل؟ ?
okay , well , do you find any بصعوبة when بتتعاملي بتتعاملي with people from a different social المستوى , أذا it كان higher أو أعلى؟ ?
okay but for example مثلا when you deal with people من a lower social level as you mostly speak english and they do n't understand you so they will be frustrated .
okay , which أيه do you like the most في yourself and you do n't want to تتغير it forever because it 's good and you like it ?
okay موجودة،لأ well which trait that makes you موجودة،لأ people in front of قدامك that you can not أتعامل with them معاه؟
okay what makes you stressed , nervous and .. بتخليكي uncomfortable ?
okay , و how do you overcome this stress and how do you deal with this أزاى؟
okay , well , have you tried talking in an مقابلة or في .. في a عرض في school or anywhere else that you speak about a topic فاهمة أنتي do n't understand so speak تتكلمي english or فرنساوي so that يحس person in front of you feels that you understand okay , then the situation يعدى؟ pass ?
طيب أنتي can you live without a mobile ?
okay , as for أخر last question , can you choose anything and .. and persuade us of بيها؟ anything you want or anything like completing your study , traveling or staying here هنا؟ أنتي you مقتنعة ان family comes أهم ?
merci
okay , shall we start by telling us about your background ? أنت are you منين؟ ? did كنت go to a national or an دولية؟ school and what were the languages فيها؟ ?
تمام well .. و after had joined الجامعة , أيه؟ تخصص did you choose ? and .. and .. and why did you choose التخصص major ? أمتى did you feel that you like this major ?
okay طيب، can you tell us what topics do you study .. at university , يعني 's your دراستك mainly about ?
okay , can you tell us about the projects that you did أيه how were it ?
okay , well , can you tell you us how أنت start your daily routine , what do you بتعمل do في the اليوم الأسبوع ?
okay , what do you do in the الأجازات الأسبوعية أيه؟
okay , can تحكيلنا tell تحكيلنا about its topic or it 's story قصته؟
okay , have you thought before , for example , in the المستقبل , would you like تدخل enroll your children in a قومية و an international school .. هتكون language would you like to teach them ?
if كنت worked قبل , what were you doing and what كان شغلك job عملته ?
okay , أنت you consider yourself an easy person that people talk with and get along with you or they need long كبير للتعارف ice يعنى؟ ?
okay , do you find any difficulties when you deal with people من مختلف؟ social level ? do بتحس feel that you can not تتعامل with them , do you محتاج to change your way ?
okay , which trait do you like the most about yourself و و you want it تبقى last forever without any changes خالص؟
طب دى؟ , which trait makes قدامك ignore شخص that you can not أتعامل في معاه، and it 's صعب for you to deal with this .. الصفة الصفة ?
طيب what .. what did أكتر parents حاجه you for بتقولك that you should stop this ده؟
okay , what do you feel weird about yourself ?
okay , well , have you tried being in an evaluation or an interview في .. .. and you discuss a topic that you do n't really understand so تتكلم start speaking in إنجليزي saying sophisticated words just to من this situation or you have n't done this كده؟
okay , what was أيه reaction of the person in front of you , did he believe that , was أنت convinced or not and he felt that you are saying nonsense ?
okay , can أنت تعيش غير a mobile و لو yes , why ? ليه؟ no , ليه؟ ?
طيب، , as for the أخر question , can you choose في your mind أي تقنعنا تقنعنا us بيها؟ ?
تمام , okay , thank you
okay , shall we start by .. by telling تقولنا about your background ? where are بتاعتك، from بتاعتك، where were you born ? did you go to قومية national or an international المدرسة ? and .. and what were the languages there ?
okay , after that بتاعك، ممكن you تحكيلنا us عن ال .. your education career أيه؟ what did you do ? أيه؟ تخصص did دخلت choose ? and أمتى did أختارت أختارت this major ? can you tell us ممكن your system في university الجامعة؟
okay
و have tried this in the past semester , thank god , i passed it as i got good grades and now و take overload , i am really stressed قدامي
the .. artist draws a chart then he بتبقى it to يعنى بمبلغ lot of money and that 's his profit بيكسب
i do n't know , i do n't know can you .. tell us أيه 's happening ?
okay , shall we start by .. by تحكيلنا us عن your background ? where are you from منين، where were you born ? did you go to a قومية or an international school فين؟ and .. و what were the languages there أيه؟
okay , well and .. after that .. when it comes to your education career , which major did كنت go for at university ? و .. و و ليه did you choose this major ده؟ يعني did you حسيت that you عايز this major ? and ليه؟ ?
okay , can you tell us about دراستك، study at university ? what was أيه about ? what do you أيه؟ ? what do you learn أيه؟ and .. and .. و can you tell us about مشروع topic of your bachelor project ?
تمام، , can you بتاعك us عن the أيه، of your bachelor project ? يعني does it talk about ?
okay , can you tell تحكيلنا عن .. about your daily routine ? what do you usually do on your weekday after getting up في the يوم ? what .. do يومك usually do in the middle of the week ?
okay طيب، what do you do في the weekends or during your free time ? ايه activities do you .. you اللي do بتعملها؟
تمام , well , do you have specific hobbies that you practice such as قراءة، , listening تسمع music , playing or .. any other specific hobbies ?
okay , what kind of music do you like , what نوع؟ of music do you like ? do بتحب بتحب مغني specific singer or a specific song ?
okay , do you usually listen to arabic or إنجليزي؟ طيب، ?
okay طيب، well , do you have a favorite quote that you like بتحب apply and that حياتك usually remember or you do n't have ?
تمام كتير؟ , well do you like movies , do you usually بتحب a lot of movies ?
تمام طيب , well , as for the .. the future are you هتحب to enroll ولادك children in a national or an international school ? would هتحب تدخلهم for an عربي إنجليزي , english و french or a deutsch مدرسة ألماني؟
okay , well , what was your وظيفة job when you were young ? and بعد you are في university , ما do you تخلص to work أيه؟
okay و have you attended أي internships أو worked any بدوام جزئي or full-time أشغال , ممكن you تحكيلنا تحكيلنا about عنها؟ ?
تمام، انت , well , من on your three-month التجربة , what would you .. you .. you أكتر المهنية life or university life ? which is better for you ?
okay , have أنت سافرت مصر قبل ?
okay , is there any specific مكان that you want to تزوره، , that you wish to travel to المكان ?
okay , well , if you جاتلك الفرصة chance to travel for a job offer or a scholarship , would you make this decision و لا لأ؟ و .. و .. and what will influence your decision ?
okay , well and .. and which country in .. في europe as you said you هتختار to take a tour there , ايه country would you choose to live there فيها؟
is there a specific place في your دماغك or you تشوف هتروح and تشوف .. لما you تعجبتك في بلد there هتستقر you will stay there فيها؟
okay , well طيب، is there a point in your life that you consider a turning point , where your way of thinking changed the most تفكيرك؟
what has been developed in your character , what did you feel ? how كانت your character and how is it now أزاى؟
okay و .. when أنت were at university , did you like working on المشاريع individually or in a فريق؟ ?
okay , do عندك have a role model in your life حياتك؟ it 's not necessarily to have an absolute لازم model but مثلك can have a role model for each field .
okay , well , there 's another question . would you rather be liked or respected و why ليه؟
okay , do you consider yourself an easy person that الناس can talk with or they need وقت محتاجين ice breaking تعارف، do علشان need time to talk to each other بعض؟
okay , do بتحس find it بصعوبة when you deal with people من a different social level , different style and their social level is higher or lower than yours أعلى؟
okay أيه أيه trait do you like في yourself and you want it to تفضل forever and you will never change ?
okay طيب، which trait makes you ignore people ? if you find this trait في anyone , تتعامل can not تتعامل with them , ماتقدر can not .. .. adapt with them ?
okay , مايكنش does your parents criticize you for و they بتقولك عيلتك أنت you should change this ?
okay , أيه makes أكتر feel مضغوط؟ ? what makes you feel nervous because you have a lot to do ?
تمام , and how do you بتتصرف such stress , بتتصرف do you بتتعامل with أزاى؟ أزاى؟
okay , have you tried being in an .. في interview or a project when you speak about a topic that أنت do n't really understand so you فتبتدي speaking english saying sophisticated words so that the person in front of قدامك feel that أنت understand and .. and الموضوع؟ situation will pass ?
okay , can أنت تعيش غير a موبايل أو not ? if yes , why ليه؟
but do n't بس feel that تكون distracts بيشغلك from something من important ?
okay , well , as for the أخر question , can you choose anything you are persuaded of to make us be persuaded of , it could be a general thing like نكمل studies , traveling or anything else حاجة؟
okay , well , thank you
okay , shall we نبتدي by telling تعرفنا about your الخلفية فين؟ where are you from ? where were أنت born ? did you في to a national or an دولية؟ school ? و were the languages at this school english , arabic , فرنسي؟ or deutsch ?
تمام طيب , well و after education , what about your career ?
which major did you choose ? why did you choose this major ? when did you feel that أنت want to go for this major ?
okay طيب، can you tell us about .. عن دراستك، دراستك، ? what .. do you بتدرس في university ? what do you learn ? what was your .. your bachelor project أيه؟ ?
okay , well , have أنت traveled abroad before ?
okay ، can you tell us عن السفريات places that عجبك have visited و which place did you like the most that you want to go there again and you can still يعني أنت فاكره؟ فاكره؟
well , when سافرت traveled there , did you make عملت there and were .. you still in touch ولا not ?
لأ، , i mean friends أنا you made there و هل you still in أتعرفت أتعرفت them or not ?
okay , which place do نفسك want to visit now ?
okay , if أنت جالك the الفرصة to .. بعرض travel abroad for a عمل offer or a دراسية , would you make القرار decision و not ? what would made you think about القرار ? ايه هتأثر affect your decision ?
okay , أنت أنت usually travel inside egypt ?
okay well , is there any specific place فاكرها، still تحكي and you want تحكي talk عنها كده؟
طيب , do you بتعتبر yourself an easy person that الناس تتكلم talk with or الناس need وقت for ice breaking and will get along عليك you more ?
تمام , do you find بصعوبة difficult to .. to deal with people من a different اجتماعي level that you ca n't deal with and you محتاج to change your طريقتك or something ?
okay , أيه trait do you .. you like about yourself and you بتحبها it to تفضل أبدا؟ without any يتغير ?
okay , which trait that people have that makes you avoid interacting مع them .. if موجودة have such trait that انت hate the most , you مابتعرفش not تتعامل with معاها؟ ?
تمام طيب، , well , what do your parents criticize you فيها، ده، did they tell you that you محتاج to change something فيك؟ your character ?
nothing
.. دي , is there anything that شخصيتك، consider weird about yourself , in your شخصيتك، , something weird , something that people would find very غريبة ?
okay طيب، well , what makes you feel stressed و مضغوط nervous ?
and how do you بتتغلب over الضغط ده، , what do أيه؟ بتعمل ?
okay , well , have you tried being in an interview or في evaluation speaking about a topic that أنت do n't understand so speak في إنجليزي using sophisticated words just to تتكلم this situation فيه؟ can you tel تحكيلنا، about this situation تحكيلنا، for مثلا؟ ? can you tell us about a situation like that that happened to you ?
okay , what was the reaction of the person in front of قدامك , did he believe that , was he يقتنع or he realized that you were بيقفش؟ بيقفش؟ ?
okay , can أنت live without a mobile ? if أه , why ? ليه؟ no , why ?
okay طيب، أخر for the last سؤال , can you نعمل anything and persuade us of , أي you are persuaded of such مثلا traveling , completing ماجستير، , staying here , or to do .. do أي that you want to persuade تقنعنا بيها؟ of ?
okay okay thank you .
well , ممكن we start by telling us about your background أن أصلا are you from ? and .. and were you في a national و international school ? و were the languages english , arabic عربى، french عربى، or ألماني؟ ?
okay , and afterwards the التعليم، career , what was the major you دخلت in ? and أنت did you want .. decide to enroll in this التخصص ? مقرر mean did you feel that you like يعنى؟ ?
okay , well و what made مخليك decide مقرر join mechatronics ميكاترونكس، why did كنت like ( ( it ) ) ? or i mean what made you think of it فيها، not joining computer science , or communication اتصالات؟
تمام مثلا أكتر، , can you tell us more for example about your دراستك ? what did اتعلمتوا بتدرس ? the projects you did for example عملتوها، how were عملتوها، عملتوها، ?
well , have you traveled abroad before كده؟
okay are there any تمام place where you would like to travel to or تشوفه؟ see تشوفه؟
country .
okay , well what if جاتلك got an oppportunity to make a scholarship أو you got a job offer , would هتحب like to تاخد this decision and تسافر or would you settle here و أيه الحاجات would تأثر your decision ?
okay , well do you بتسافر جوا domestically in egypt ?
well , can you تحكيلنا us about a travel that you did in egypt in which you liked the place و المكان المناظر the most and you wanted بتحب go there again ?
well طيب، do you consider yourself an easy person تتكلم talk to or a difficult person , i mean do you need time للتعارف ice عشان to be able نتكلم؟ talk ?
okay well و do you feel that it 's difficult to deal with people of different الاجتماعي level مختلف، do you need to change your way of talking , do you need to change طباعك؟ طباعك؟ ?
i mean أقل or higher social مستوى whether it is money-wise or .. or .. or education-wise .
بس for example , if you are using while talking إنجليزي words أو something and بتتعامل deal with someone whose الاجتماعي level is lower than منك or whose educational level is أقل than you would you change your way of talking for example ?
طيب، , what is the most trait you like in yourself , you feel انه you like تفضل keep , and يتغير to change بتحبها ابدا؟ ?
طيب، طيب، and what is أكتر most trait in the other الشخص , if there you ca n't deal with فيه معاه، you بتحس that حاجة 's very hard تتأقلم cope معاه، him ?
طيب، , what is the most thing that makes أنت feel stressed و uncomfortable ?
okay طيب، , and how do you % bt .. % bt بتتخطى it ?
تمام have you ever tried before while talking with someone in an interview or in an evaluation to talk in english تتكلم a topic أنت أنت are not fully understanding and to تقول ( ( sophisticated terms ) ) so that the interview would smoothly pass نخلص؟
what happened حصل؟
تمام طيب can you do without a mobile ?
why ?
well , أخر last question can you select anything that أنت believe in and persuade us بيها، it can be to travel سفر، to study , it can be anything ?
تمام ماشي، , thank you .
well , shall نبتدي start by telling us about your background where are تقولنا originally from ? و .. and كنت you in a national school or international one دولية؟ واللغات what were the languages there ايه؟
okay and بعد your التعليم career what was the major you enrolled in ? و .. and why did you select this التخصص ? امتى did you feel that you want to join this major ?
well can you tell us more about .. your بتدرس as well what do you study , i mean what do دراستك أيه at the الجامعة، , if there is for مثلا a bachelor project or a big project that you like to tell تقولنا about ?
تمام طيب , well have you traveled abroad before كده؟
تمام , in general in your travels did you عملت friends or something كده، and are you still in touch or not ?
well if أنت got the opportunity to travel abroad whether you got منحة job offer or scholarship would you take القرار decision ولا would انت هتحب تفضل settle هنا وايه which things would impact your قرارك ?
okay do you consider yourself an easy person to تتكلم معاه or not .. or do you need much time for تعارف؟ تعارف؟ ?
well ايه what is أكتر most trait you like in نفسك and you do n't want this trait to change خالص؟ all خالص؟
okay and which trait if there in the other person you ca n't تتعامل with معاه، معاه، or بتحس fell انه it لأ hard to go on dealing with .. اتعامل with this person ?
well what is the most thing makes انك feel that you are very stressed جدا؟
well , have you ever tried قبل to be in .. in a situation , موقف، مقابلة , or in an evaluation and .. and talk في a topic انت you do n't understand so انت فبتتكلم فبتتكلم english or ( ( to say بتتكلم الموضوع terms ) ) so that الموضوع الموضوع would smoothly pass and others would feel أنت you understand ?
okay well can you do غير a mobile , and why if أه , or no ?
well , can you select anything أنت شايفها شايفها أو you are convinced of and persuade us of , anything أنت believe that it 's important ?
i يعني is there anything حاجة، في people convinced us to complete masters , it can be to convince تقنعنا with something funny , or it can be with حاجة
how is that ازاي؟
و بعدين؟ بعدين؟
okay thanks .
طيب , can you tell us عن your background , where originally are you from ? and .. و was you school a national or international one دولية؟ and what were اللغات اللغات فيها english . arabic , deutsch , french ?
well , and then the education career which major did you بقى in ? and ليه did you join this major ? why did you feel .. امتى you like مثلا، for امتى مثلا، امتى did قررتي decide to join it ?
okay طيب and can you tell us عن دراستك، study , أنتي do you بتدرسي in the university ? what do you study ? and .. and then can تحكيلنا tell us about your bachelor مشروع ?
ممكن انتي tell us about how do you start your day , how بيبقى يومك، daily routine in your normal life ?
okay well and the weekends ? is there anything different in the weekends ? do you practice for مثلا any certain activities in the يوم off ?
طيب انتي have سافرتي traveled abroad before كده؟
well can you tell us about the travels and the الأماكن you have been to , which place that you liked the most and you wanted to go there again ?
okay well when you سافرتي did you make friends and لو اه are you still in اتصال or not ?
which place you like to go the most .. to visit i mean you ماروحتيهوش n't been تروحيه ماروحتيهوش .. you have n't traveled there before و you wanted to go ?
what if you got the opportunity تسافري travel whether you have a job عرض or a scholarship would you go for this القرار ولا not لأ؟ و ايه factors would impact your قرارك هتقرري؟
okay do you travel a lot internally in كتير كتير
well , can you tell تحكيلنا about a سفرية here في egypt you like the most , the place was very حلو أوي، and الأنشطة activities you عملتيها there for example احكيلنا us about the سفرية، i mean which حابتيها you liked the most يعنى؟
okay , do you consider yourself an easy شخص to talk to or do الناس need time for تعارف؟ ice تعارف؟ ?
okay and do you بتحسي it 's difficult to deal with people from different social level , اذا lower or higher than you أعلى؟ do بتحسي feel انك انك need to change your way of طريقتك or كلامك؟ words ?
well أنتي trait you like most في yourself and you do n't want it to change , which you like and you want to keep it ?
well and which trait in others if there you ca n't deal with الشخص , you مش n't % t .. t .. cope with this person ده؟
okay well is there any specific issue your parents في criticizing فيها، , they say لك لك لازم to تبطلي doing this , or that ?
okay and what stresses you and put you under stress مضغوطة؟
well , how do you % بت .. overcome this الموضوع ? how do you بتتخطى this .. this stress ?
have you ever tried قبل being in an interview or in an evaluation and because there is a topic that you are not totally understand so you start تتكلمي in english or ( هتتكلمي to هتتكلمي sophisticated terms ) ) فتبتدي let the evaluation smoothly خلاص and and the الموضوع % y .. and ( ( the issue ends up ) ) and to make others feel that you got everything ?
well does the other person believe that or not ?
well can you live without a mobile ? and why if yes or no ?
تمام طيب the last سؤال، can you select anything you شايفاها in .. anything you consider شايفاها important and persuade us of , it 's not necessary a شرط حاجة .. ممكن can be scientific topic , it can be to complete our study , it can حاجة something funny , or anything .
okay , okay thank you .
well منين، shall نبتدي نبتدي by introducing your background where are you originally from ? were you in قومية national or international مدرسة ? and which اللغات were taught at school english , عربي، , deutsch , french ?
okay
what languages were اللغات in the school ?
okay , well and then the education career which major did أنت enrolled in the university الجامعة؟ and when did أختارت select this major ?
تمام بس , well but did you مقرر decide for example قبل when you انت at school something like that or not .. or بعديها؟ ?
okay can تحكيلنا tell us also about your .. your study دراستك، what do you study at الجامعة؟ ? and .. and what was بتاعك المشروع هو؟
well have you ever traveled abroad ?
well is there any certain place that نفسك want to go to , you would like to visit and i يعني أنت are متحمس forward to go to that place ?
تمام طيب what if you got the opportunity to travel for a عمل offer or a دراسية تسافر travel for a long time would you take this decision or not لأ؟ and what العوامل would % ت .. impact قرارك decision i يعني؟ ?
هتكون العوامل هتأثر be إنه هتأثر your .. your القرار ?
تمام well do you travel a lot internally in egypt كتير؟
well , if you .. do you consider yourself an easy person to talk to or do you need much time for ice تعارف؟ ?
تمام , أنت you تتعامل any difficulty بصعوبة dealing with people of different social levels ?
which trait do أكتر like أكتر in yourself and نفسك تتغير؟ n't want بتحبها change it ?
well , what is the most trait in .. لو present in موجودة قدامك person you would n't be able to deal with him ?
well , okay what is the most thing that makes you stressed ?
and how do وإزاي overcome stress , how do you act أزاي؟
طيب have you ever tried before while you were in an interview or in an evaluation if you are not totally understanding الموضوع topic to speak in إنجليزي و say complicated words to make كبير feel that you understand and the situation would smoothly end up ?
well can you live without موبايل mobile if yes or لأ، and why ?
تمام well أخر last question is أنت can you select أي you see و you are convinced of and convince us بيها، . أي , ممكن ممكن be حاجة related to طيب study , it can be something funny ?
تمام thank you .
well shall we start by تقوليلنا us about your background , where are you originally from ? and was you مدرسة a قومية or international one ? و what were the languages taught there english , arabic , deutsch , french ?
okay طيب and بعد the education career in the الجامعة which major did you enroll in ? and when did you decide that أنتي want to join this major ?
well , do you بتفكري of enrolling your kid in قومية national or in an international school ? .. and why مثلا مثلا .. what are the اللغات that you are considering to teach for your kids , will أنتي enroll her in english or french مدرسة ? definitely , for example you are setting a plan for that .
طيب تخلصي، in the university كان is your dream job ? كنتي job do you want تطلعي work after finishing your study ? which كنتي do you like to join i يعني؟ ?
well , well can you tell us على مثلا other job you did اتخرجتي have done for example after graduation , your شغلك job or internship while you were في the university الجامعة؟
طيب طيب what if you got an opportunity to travel abroad whether for a job offer أو دراسية will do that or not ? و what القرارات .. what factors would affect your decision ?
okay what is the most مكان you would like to visit or travel to و why ليه؟
well do انتي usually travel much internally in مصر كتير؟ ?
well , can you tell us about a trip that you traveled before and you enjoyed it and you liked the place عجبك much and it was .. was very nice , and تروحي want to go there again ?
طيب , what is the best trait you like in yourself , you feel that تفضل ماتتغيرش to keep it forever ?
well do you find any difficulty in dealing with people of different social levels whether lower or higher so that you would need to change your way of talking and .. your way i يعني؟ ?
well what is حاجة most thing أيه makes بتخليكي stressed and under مضغوطة؟ ?
well how do you % bt .. % bt handle مع ده؟
طيب you ever tried before و you were for example in an interview or في an evaluation or when you are applying for a new شغل يسألك be asked on a topic that you do n't understand it and so you start talking in إنجليزي and تتكلمي say sophisticated كبير so that الموضوع المقابلة would smoothly end up .
well , what was فعل other person رد , i mean does هو appreciate that or he feels that no he could have said anything حاجة؟
okay can you do without a mobile و لو yes or no and why ?
طيب برا، the last question can you select anything that نسافر believe in and persuade us of , anything . it can be to to نكمل complete studying , it أحنا be to نسافر it can be anything ?
thanks
okay what is your kid 's مدرسة ?
okay is it national ولا قومية؟ ?
طيب , why did you choose this school or i يعني why did you choose دولية؟ دولية؟ ?
well , which words does he usually use to express himself و in which language ?
well , ممكن you tell us what did انت study in في university الجامعة؟
do you like more your working life or your life when you were في university student ?
طب , عندك عندك فرصة فرصة opportunity في تشتغلي in a خاصة company for example or so would انك leave teaching .. teaching work or do you like working في the university ?
well do تفضلي prefer living here or تسافري travel and تسافري تهاجري في ?
okay
do you have any أعلى؟ model أعلى؟
do حياتك؟ have any role model in life ?
do you find yourself an easy person to تتكلم to or is it difficult and there is a need في ice الحواجز between بينك and others ?
so هل there a معينة character that you find تتعاملي difficult to deal معاها؟ ? i mean a certain character while تتعاملي معاها him you find معاها very hard كده؟
no no type type
do not مبتحسيش مبتحسيش that this issue is making you under stress in certain time الاوقات؟
okay do you feel that you can be burden by others worries and forget yours ? and forget your troubles and it ends by solving others ' problems مشاكل keeping yours .
if بيفكر want يشتغل work in any company دي يعني he يشتغل not a ta or a doctor so you think that the master would be something beneficial ?
what do you do in الصبح morning when you wake up إيه؟
do you have معينة activity on حاجة weekends ?
okay طيب
عندك you have certain hobby معينة؟
which meal do you like to cook the most ?
do you like reading ?
which book have you ever read and in which language was it ?
what was it about ?
if you were not working in كتدريس كمساعد a teacher assistant what would you do ?
okay okay did you work before in other jobs or did you do any تدريبات في university الجامعة؟
okay so you basically like working في الشغل university more than working in a private company or so .
okay is there a certain reason ?
no ? okay
well do you like your المهنية الحياة عامة ولا your life when you were a university student الجامعة؟
have سافرتي سافرتي abroad before ?
where did you travel ?
okay so what was the most remarkable place in the country you عجبتك؟ the most ?
did you make صحاب هناك؟ ?
if you جاتلك the فرصة to immigrate would you like that or would أنت like to settle هنا ?
okay
طيب is there a معينة country you which you like to travel to or to immigrate if you جاتلك the opportunity ?
okay هل there any moment that in which you عدت that it دي تحول؟ turning point تحول؟
which you feel that you changed تانية؟ قبلها قبلها تانية؟
do you like more working individually or in team اكتر؟
لو there is a project تشتغلي are working on , would you like مثلا work in group or individually ?
ليه؟ ?
طيب معاها؟ , is there certain type شخصيات شخصيات you feel that you will not هعرف able to اتعامل with ?
do you find صعوبة difficulty بتواجهي dealing مع a person with certain traits ?
what ?
can you please tell us what does word متملقين؟ يعنى ?
ازاى can you تقولنا us يومك your الصبح starting من waking up in the morning ?
بتشجع فريق do you cheer ?
تمام طيب بتعملها there a certain activity that بتعملها do during the الأسبوع؟ ?
okay okay do عندك have معينة hobby that you like to practice in your free time ?
okay بتحب which online game do you like to play ?
okay okay definitely you listen to music ?
تحب you like تسمع listen to arabic or english songs and who is your المفضل المغنى ?
okay إيه .. what is بتاعتك؟ dream job بتاعتك؟ or let خلينا start from the beginning خلاك makes you choose your major computer science ?
طيب تكبر what would you like to work when you grow up , your الأحلام job ?
okay هسألك will say in other words would you like to تشتغل في the university in the academic field or would you like to work في a private شركة؟ ?
private company
okay okay
regarding indonesia have you سافرت traveled elsewhere besides indonesia ?
okay و what is the most thing عجبتك like in the country أنت traveled سافرتها؟ سافرتها؟
طيب did you make friends there ? if yes are you still in contact ولا not ?
okay which place you would like to visit or which البلد would نفسك like % t .. to تسافرلها to تسافرلها
ليه؟ ?
okay , what if إنك got the فرصة to travel abroad , % t .. would انك accept this opportunity or do you prefer to settle in egypt مصر؟
okay
could you please tell تحكيلي about the last سفرية you did جوا in طيب مصر؟ ?
طيب do you have a مثل model ?
do you في a role قدوة في حد ?
why تانى؟ ?
okay regarding الشغلة بدوام الشغلة i will ask you a question أنك أنك rather be liked or تفضل ? and why ?
which thing you like بتحبها most in yourself نفسك؟
okay طيب في there a certain type of شخصيات that you find صعب to تتعامل with أو if a شخص has that character you would know إنه it would be very hard to أتعامل with that الشخص .
okay
كلنا of كلنا all of us
okay have you ever tried before to speak in english just to تتكلم that نفسك تبين everything but actually you 're not حاجة؟
i mean while talking in certain topic you تتكلم تبين some english words to عشان as if you understand and so ..
okay
okay بما احنا are in عصر التكنولوجيا era do you بتحب technology can أنت live without your الموبايل ولا لأ؟ لأ؟
ليه؟ ?
i 'm not convinced i feel that i بحس فيهم مبالغ overrated شوية
i mean i feel that someone مثلا us that study , work , and travel to make the take the bachelor and to make master 's so we go on in the education path .
i feel that they do n't think
بحس feel إن may be we are much more educated مثقفين to عنهم بكتير
بحس feel that هم do n't know anything except kicking الكورة ball .
definitely , it would never be the same as the football الكورة get paid كده
so كتير .
nobody حد
i 'm اقتنعت بصراحة
thank you
okay can you tell us what do بتعملي do every morning ?
how do you start يومك؟ يومك؟ ?
okay do عندك أنشطة certain activity that you like doing on the weekends ?
okay do you like تقري؟ ?
do you like reading in arabic or in english إنجليزي؟
and what is the most book you like to بتحبيه؟ ?
okay أيه what is the story you have read قريتيها and you حسيتي that you want to reread تقريها تاني؟
i mean it influenced you معاكى
it taught علمتك something .
okay , do you تسمعي listening to أغانى؟ ?
do you have معين favorite singer you enjoy listening to ?
okay do you like listening to arabic or english songs ?
can you tell us about activities you are practicing besides college ?
after graduation أيه is بتاعتك؟ dream الأحلام ?
% bt i mean نفسك would you تشتغلي to work ?
initially مثلا would you like to تعملي in the academic field for example and to do masters and phd and so on or do تشتغلي want to work في a خاصة؟ company خاصة؟
okay , in الجامعة do تشتغلى تشتغلى working في الفردية المشاريع or in group projects و ليه ?
why ليه؟
okay have you ever traveled كده؟ before ?
سافرتى did فين؟ travel ?
can you تحكيلنا us about the best مكان you enjoyed visiting in egypt ?
and what activities did you do هناك؟ ?
okay what if you got the opportunity to تسافري abroad would you تحبي it or would you like to settle here في egypt مصر؟
would you continue living in مصر؟ ?
do you feel that السفر abroad has benefits وليه mean does it ليه إيجابيات and سلبيات؟ ?
why do you believe in that ?
okay do you feel that your شخصيتك has changed after joining engineering in general ?
do you have a role قدوة or an example in certain field % بت i mean a model you think ان you want to be like or to learn something from ?
okay , currently if you were in charge بتشتغلي a فريق and you were the team قائد وفي there is a task أنه should be done would تحترمك؟ like i mean هو question says would you rather be liked or respected ?
would you prefer people doing الشغل الشغل out of loving you ولا بتحبك بتحترمك you , or بتحترمك afraid from you ?
do you feel that you are an easy شخص to ice break with and to وتتكلم to or is it hard يتعرف get to يتعرف الناس easily and يتكلم talk to and so on كده؟
is there a certain character of a person if met , you would feel أن it would be عارفه hard to deal with since there في معينة trait in him that you would اتقبلها؟ accept اتقبلها؟
okay , can تقولنا tell us every morning بتبدأ do you start your يومك ? what 's your daily routine بتاعك؟
okay , is there any activity بتعملها are practicing في الأجازات الأجازات الأسبوعية ?
what is the بتحب hobby you like practicing في your free time ?
okay which book did you like the أثر that فيك have read before and عجبك؟ influenced you ? and in what language كان it ? arabic عربي، english or ايه؟ was it ?
okay , throughout your الأنشطة in the college would you like to تشتغل more individually or in team دراستك فريق؟
do you have certain favorite singer that you would like بتحب listen تسمعله أو ..
عجباك you like more working life i mean or do you عجباك more your life as في university student studying and so كده؟ ? i mean since you اشتغلت worked before as a part-timer في a certain agency and كده on .
okay do you بتحب working individually ولا in فريق ? في any أى project at work الشغل، outside work , or in any أى place حته؟
أحسنلك you prefer working in a مجموعة , i mean a team , ولا individually لوحدك؟
okay what if someone in your team felt that he is depressed and ان هو could n't go on in the المشروع and so on were you % bt .. يعني how do you motivate and بتشجعوا بتقوموا other .
okay have you traveled abroad before و if yes where did you travel ?
okay ممكن تقولنا تقولنا تقولنا ما do you do in your day since you wake up in the morning ?
okay do you have معينة hobbies that you like practicing in your free time for example listening to music , watching certain movies ?
طيب ممكن can you tell us what is your favorite song ? and is it arabic or english ?
okay can you tell us about what كان أخر last فيلم إتفرجت have recently watched إيه؟
or أكتر movie you like watching the most اتفرجت you have اتفرجت عليه كذا than once
can you tell us about its story and what was its name ?
okay why did you choose to be في the academic الحياة and to work in the university ?
why did n't you think مثلا working in a خاصة company or كده؟ ?
okay أنت 's your dream job ?
i mean لو you خلصت ماجستير هنا in في university و you decided not to resume as a teacher and wanted to work in a company ( ( where do you find yourself ) فين؟ فين؟
okay في standing you class and for example بتطلب بتطلب your students to do certain task would you like them بتحب يعملوا it out of بتحب or out love ?
فبيعملوها فبيعملوها do it من منطلق love i mean not out of respect only ?
certain task .
do you miss وحشتك life as a الجامعة student i mean the university life يعني do حياتك like more المهنية life and so on ?
okay هل there any moment في حياتك felt that it is a turning point and so on كده؟
اللي هو that before i كنت to think in a certain way but after that point كنت بفكر thinking بطريقة a different way .
or for example i كنت to جامعة a certain faculty but i joined another one .
is there anything that changed حياتك direction i mean .
okay , did you like working in teams or did you like more to work for example individually in projects ? and .. and why ?
i يعني tell me how do أنت see everything .
okay do you have a حد model for example ?
for مثلا in حياتك الإجتماعية life is there anyone that you want to be like يعني؟
في your life while studying for example is there any دكتور or anybody that أنت % bt look up to i mean يعني؟
طيب have you ever tried قبل in which you were not totally understanding the topic . have أنت tried جربت speak فهتتكلم english so that you would appear to be understanding everything و so on ?
okay طيب can you تقولنا us how do you start your يومك ? what do you when you wake up every أيه؟ ? what is your daily الروتين ?
طيب you do a certain activity in the weekends الأسبوعية؟
i mean ليك there anything you بتحب doing or for example do ليك بتحب playing sport ? anything ?
okay can you tell تحكيلنا about the last فيلم you watched ?
or the most movie بتحبه؟ like
طيب do you like reading ?
okay can تقولنا تقولنا us about to whom you like كاتب the most ?
و هل it in english ولا arabic ?
و which كتاب أثر influenced you ?
what is your dream وظيفة لو you were n't a ta what would you تحب to work ?
can you tell us about the تدريب or a full-time part-time jobs that you have done before تبقى a ta ?
طيب can you tell us about لحظة moment in your حياتك when you felt that it is a turning point ?
for example before قبلها كنت used to بتفكر بطريقة a certain way but after you think أن your تفكيرك has اتغير or something في your personality has changed ?
طب , do you usually like في الشغل أو انت you were a student بتحب work individually or in group project ? and why ?
why do you choose بتختاره؟ option ?
do you have a certain role model في your life someone % bt you look up to for مثلا in your social life or in في الجامعة؟ حياتك ? مثلك حد الأعلى؟ الأعلى؟
do you consider yourself a person .. an easy شخص to talk to or محتاجين difficult one , that الناس need more time to ice تتكلم with you and so ?
طيب هل , هل there a معينة الشخص if لقيته met you ca n't اتعامل with ? or you مش n't accept ?
طبع طبع certain certain quality
can you do without a mobile ? و why ليه؟
طيب أزاي can you tell us what do you do every morning and كده؟ كده؟ كده؟
okay في the weekends عندك you have معينة plans or certain activities ? or not .. i mean ممكن you tell us what do you بتعمل في the weekends ?
do you have certain hobbies or certain sport you بتحب تلعبها؟ ? او a sport that بتحب like cheering تشجعها؟ تشجعها؟ i mean every .. كلمنا بتاعتك؟ more about your hobbies ?
okay بتسمع listen بتسمع songs طبعا course % س؟ ?
okay can تقولنا تقولنا us % ب .. do you like more listening to arabic or english ?
and who is بتاعك؟ المغني singer بتاعك؟
okay ممكن you tell us about أكتر movie you like the most أو what is أخر أخر movie اتفرجت watched ? and why did it اتفرجت you ? and وليه did you like the story عجبتك؟
طيب can تحكيلنا tell us after graduation what would you like to work ?
أيه is your dream job ?
okay did أنت do internship أو have you ever tried دوام كامل أو part-time في before ?
okay ممكن تحكيلنا tell تحكيلنا about one of them و و كده؟ experience did you get كده؟
طيب بما you have tried before to work somewhere do you think that your حياتك while being في الجامعة كطالب is better or working life is much better ?
sightseeing ?
do you بتحب reading ?
i mean have n't you tried to read تقرا book before ? arabic ? english ?
okay is there في moment when you feel that it is a turning point and that حياتك life path has changed بعد this point .
for example كنت كنت to join معينة faculty و you joined another one تانية
كنت you want certain تخصص while you had to join another تخصص .
i mean أي period in your life when you feel that it is a turning point .
did you feel that حسيتها change مثلا؟ in your personality حاجة example ?
okay at college would you like to work individually or in team work and why ليه؟
do عندك have a role model ? a role الأعلى for you in a certain field حاجة؟ في في your الأجتماعية life do you find someone for example اجتماعي so نفسك would like to be like him ? or you find someone successful so you want to learn زيه؟ him ?
i ممكن يكون حد من your family , someone من friends , someone ال .. people studying في في university .
طيب سهل do you see yourself الناس easy to talk to or do you feel أنه it بتلاقي difficult for others to start talking to you because maybe you need more time to تتعرفوا to تتعرفوا each other or to ice break and so on ?
okay أيه trait do you بتحبها the most in yourself and فيك؟ feel أنه الناس like it as فيك؟ ?
طيب is there certain الشخص that you ca n't deal with because he has certain trait that i do n't like it ?
it 's the .. هنبني المشروع now i mean we do these things for build آلة or something on machine will help الناس تتوقع predict others and if .. if he is a student or هو بيشتغل or something .. .. أذا would he speak in which way so it would يوجه the person who asks or people on الشغل how to deal with تسأله and how to ask in certain way .
okay ممكن تقولنا tell تقولنا how do you start your day ?
إيه 's your اليومي routine ?
ممكن you tell us what do you بتعمل on the weekends ? if you عندك certain plans or activities that you like practicing ?
do you عندك certain hobby that you like تعملها؟ رياضة؟ ? do you read for مثلا؟ مثلا؟ do you practice sports ?
ممكن you tell us which كتاب you read قريته that you قريته وحبيته and influenced you the most ? and لو you remember مقولة quote that you liked from it عجبتك؟ and was it بالإنجليزي english ولا arabic ?
okay أكتر movie do you like watching the most ? that you have watched كذا كذا once مرة؟ or the last movie you أتفرجت watched عليه؟ i mean could أحكينا tell us the story ?
okay what أنت you were بتشتغل بتشتغل now as as i mean ، what would be مدرس مساعد مساعد what would you like to تشتغل ?
okay do you think دلوقتي your life now in the المهنية life أحسن أحسن compared to your university life as a student ?
okay have أنت traveled abroad before ?
okay can ممكن tell تحكيلنا عن your last trip in egypt where did you travel فين؟ and .. و what experience اللي was there i mean ?
do you have a role model or someone that you want تبقي تبقي like him in حياتك حياتك مثلا example or in شغلك؟ working field ?
do you feel بتحس % sh .. an easy person to deal with or do people need more time to get to know you and at the beginning وكلمكوا do n't talk much and so ?
is there certain trait if found in شخص .. i يعني if أنه trait is in someone yo u هتقول not be able to أتعامل معاه؟ معاه؟ ?
that 's it i 'm sure أن i will not be able to deal with this person because he has certain trait أنا i do n't like ?
okay can you tell us عن your daily routine . بتصحى do you get up ? تروح to الجامعة % t .. i mean tell us every morning when you wake up what do you do بيحصل
do you have certain أنشطة you are practicing on الأجازة weekend or how do you spend the weekend ?
okay do you have معينة هوايات بتحب like % t .. practicing i mean ?
okay have أنت traveled مصر before كده؟
okay can you tell us where did you travel و what experience you got from هناك و which مكان did you like the most i mean .
what if you got the opportunity for a scholarship و جالك working برا هل إنك accept that ده؟ i mean to دراسية تهاجر برا or would yo you prefer to go on and تعيش هنا؟ ?
and ليه؟ ?
okay do you have a role model , i mean مثلك role الأعلى in معينة field for example ?
okay i will ask you a بيقول would أنك rather تكون محبوب or respected ?
i mean would تحب like when you تطلب مثلا to do something to يعملها it out of بيحبك و out من respect or إن he is for example عارفة of you هو example ?
do you believe that you هم an easy person to تتكلم to or لا 's hard يكسروا ice break with others or is it easy to get to know الحواجز from the أول كده؟
طيب can you tell تحكيلنا what do you do every الصبح؟ ? i mean أيه 's your daily routine بتاعك؟
طيب can you tell us about خطط plans you have on the weekends and لو there are certain hobbies you like practicing for example مثلا؟
okay can you tell تقوليلنا would you like تقري in arabic ولا in إنجليزي و which كتاب you have read that affected you , and if there is a certain quote you can tell us and so كده؟
طيب can تقوليلنا tell us have you ever traveled برا قبل or not ?
okay where did تحكيلنا سافرتى internally في في egypt , او which city did you like the most .. i mean sorry which مكان did you like most in egypt as an experience and so .
طيب , what if you get فرصة opportunity to travel abroad would you accept that or ولا .. i mean منحة a دراسية for example او so or would you much مثلا to settle with your أهلك in egypt ?
okay i سؤال ask حياتك a little more personal question which moment have you ever felt that it is a turning نقطة and that before you used to بفكر in certain way while بعدها it your mindset and your whole life direction has اتغير؟ اتغير؟
for example في مثلا قالت that they had wanted تانية college و they دخلوا تانية college .. i mean for example كانوا had عايزين college a but they joined college b .
someone قالت us before أنه her turning point was when she gave birth قبلها that she كانت n't used to have مسئولية مسئولية then قالت felt أنه there is someone that she has to تشيل مسئوليته of .
فممكن can you تقوليلنا us the moment which بتاعتك؟ felt is your turning التحول ?
okay do you have a أعلى model ليكى who is a role model .. role model for you ?
okay , there is a question would you rather be محبوب or respected , which one would you choose ليه؟ and why ?
okay , do you consider yourself an easy person to deal with or is it hard to easily ice break with others ?
okay can تحكلنا tell us about your daily routine ? i mean what do you do every morning إيه؟
okay do you have any specific خطط you are practicing on الأجازة weekends الأسبوعية؟
طيب , بتسمع sure you listen أغاني songs .
okay can تحكيل tell us .. well do you بتحب reading ?
طب هل ممكن you tell تحكيلنا عن قريته؟ last book you have read ? was كان in إنجليزي ولا arabic ? و can it be if there is something about it that affected you .
okay , can you تحكيلنا تحكيلنا about the last movie you اتفرجت watched ? or which movie do you like و أثر affected you ? and can it be to تحكيلنا us about قصته؟ about قصته؟ that affected عجبك .
okay have you سافرت abroad before ?
okay ممكن you tell us about which countries have you سافرتها to ? و which معالم سياحية did you like the اكتر ? and which مكان did you like اكتر most و want to visit it again تاني؟
طيب هل did you عملت friends هناك؟ ? ولو yes , are you بتتكلموا in contact ولا not ?
okay can you tell us عن a domestic trip في egypt مصر، مكان you have traveled in egypt و you felt that that it ده a good place and تنصح would recommend it to بيه people and so on ?
طيب what if you got فرصة opportunity فرصة منحة scholarship أو for immigration abroad مصر، would جتلك تحب that or not لأ؟ and .. and why ?
okay is أنت any role model in حياتك؟ life ? في can be for مثلا % k .. لو we talk about الاجتماعية الحياة or for example your life في college ?
okay can you تعيش without موبايل؟ موبايل؟ ? and وليه؟ وليه؟
okay can you tell us what do you do in your day when تصحي wake up , what 's your daily routine ?
okay do عندك have any certain hobbies that you like practicing في your leisure time or anytime ?
okay do you like more listening to english or arabic songs ?
طيب do عندك have a favorite movie أو singer that you like listening to ?
could you تحكيلنا تحكيلنا about the فيلم of the movie you watched and you liked the most ?
okay what if you got the opportunity to تسافر abroad في a scholarship أو for immigration , would you like to do that ? or would you تحب prefer to settle in egypt مصر؟
طيب إنت do you like تقرا؟ ?
look i like reading but i 'm so much lazy in reading but i like reading .
تقرا do you بتفضل reading arabic ولا english books إنجليزي؟
look it depends on the context for example لو i will read an arabic book and it 's a novel , so فآه لو the novel يعني is oriental so فهقراها will read it from .. from arabic كاتب .
but if there is something scientific definitely , will ابقى هفضل english so as to متأكد sure that هي is a more reliable source no more .
okay is there anybody whom you consider مثل a role model in حياتك؟ life ? حد you look up to and you want to be like him and to learn something زيه him ?
طيب there فيه a question بيقول would you rather be liked or respected ? which one would تحترمك؟ choose و why ?
can you tell us what 's your daily routine when you wake up تصحى the morning بتاعك؟ and what do you usually بتعملي in the اول of the day ?
wow
do عندك have certain hobbies or certain plan بتحبي like practicing on the الأسبوعية؟ الأسبوعية؟
do you like reading in arabic or بالإنجليزي؟ english ? and would you share us with any book you like reading ? ومقولة a favorite quote for example or anything to be said مقولة؟
okay , so now انك have mentioned that you will quit working as a ta
what would you like to work ? إيه إيه your dream job ?
okay
okay , do عندك have a role model or role model in .. in your life for example whether at college or outside الجامعة؟ ?
okay do you consider yourself an easy person to talk to or ولا .. or a صعب person to ice break with or an easy person to talk to معاكي when you get to know new people فيها؟
okay , there is سؤال question about would you rather be محبوب or respected ? which one would تحترمك؟ choose and why ?
في class as a ta for example .
طيب بتصحى can you tell تحكلنا what do you do every الصبح when you wake بتاعك؟ ? إيه 's your daily اليومي ?
okay , do you have any specific plans في الأجازة الأجازة الأسبوعية or هوايات بتحب you like practicing or so كده؟
okay do بتحب بتحب القراية؟ ?
طيب do you تفتكر the last book قريته have read was in إنجليزي or in عربي؟ ? أو did it affect you حاجة؟
a قصة for example مثلا
okay could you tell us about the story of the last movie you have watched إيه؟ عليه؟
okay have you traveled abroad before كده؟
okay can you tell us about an internal trip in مصر، to a place that you liked ?
okay , what if you got an opportunity to travel دراسية for a scholarship or for immigration would إنك توافق and like doing that أو would إنك much تفضل to settle in egypt ?
okay have حياتك passed by a بوقت which you felt was a turning point تحول؟ before which you was بتفكر بطريقة a certain way but later on your شخصيتي and تفكيري mindset changed ?
okay when you were a student إن you prefer to work individually on a project ولا to work in مجموعة as a team كفريق؟
okay what if أنه في the team was خصل أحبط and felt that you will not be done or so بترفعوا did you % ب .. keep up الروح spirit to تكملوا؟ going ?
okay do you عندك a أعلى model in your life ? someone who is your مثلك الأعلي in certain حاجة ?
طيب there is a question about would you rather be liked or respected which one would you choose ?
do n't بتحس مش إن إنه too much into technology would تبقى the communication between people أوي؟
ممكن you choose anything تقنعنا persuade تقنعنا of ?
anything
i 'm totally convinced
thank you .
okay can you tell us عن your daily routine ?
what do you do when بتصحى get up in the morning ?
okay ممكن تحكيلنا tell تحكيلنا what do you do on الأجازات weekends ? what plans do you have او what الخطط do you like practicing تمارسها؟
okay , do you بتحب reading تقرا؟
okay can you tell us about the last movie you have watched او اكتر movie اتفرجت liked the most و liked its story which affected you بيها؟
okay , of course you listen to اغاني .
okay can you تقولنا us do you like listening to arabic or إنجليزي songs and what is the name of your favorite singer for example او a song that تسمعله؟ like ?
okay can you tell us .. tell us about a place that you رحلة in egypt and liked it ?
هو السؤال means do you feel that this موقف changed your mindset or ( ( that before حصلك used شخص in certain way and then you totally changed ) ) i يعني my character changed not only at الجامعة، , i mean the السؤال is in general .
okay at college do you بتحب working in مجموعة or to work individually علي a project , and why ليه؟
okay do you have a role model in your life or i mean مثل role model
okay is there certain شخص، الشخص you مش n't deal with ده؟
i mean معين trait that you do n't like the other الشخص to have so you متأكد quite متأكد that you ده n't be able to deal with him or صعب 's hard اتعامل deal with معاه،
طيب، can تقوللي tell us about something that your طيب، % by .. criticize you on ?
something your parents highlights that you have to change or لازم modify تغيرها تصلحها
i believe انا well that you انت بتتكلم من منظور ميكانيكية، perspective , vehicles عربيات، wires , and so whereas حاسبات science is not limited to this .. in computer science there is software , game development مواقع، web development many things that are far بعيدة عن robot programming or vehicles البرمجة or so .
okay can you start by telling مدرستك about خلفيتك، background خلفيتك، where are you originally from , and مدرستك your school national or international دولية؟ ?
okay can تحكيلنا tell us how do you بتعملي your day ? what 's بتعملي اليومي routine بتاعك؟
do عندك have certain plans on الأجازة weekend ? or for example do عندك have certain hobbies that you like practicing ?
okay do you like listening to music ?
okay do you like reading ?
طيب can yo us about الموضوعات topics you search ? i mean that .. that you مهتم بتبحث عليها؟ ?
الاصطناعي
okay ممكن you tell us عن the last فيلم you watched or about the movie you liked the most أو could you tell تحكيلنا the قصته of the movie you like the most بتحبيه،
okay have you ever traveled abroad برا؟
okay have you traveled internally inside egypt ? have you visited for example luxor و الأقصر أسوان، , dahab ?
okay can تحكيلنا tell us about a رحلة that you have سافرتيها , what did you do فيها , and if there مثلا a مثلا place you have visited and عملتي liked it عجبك
okay , can you tell تقوليلنا which period have you felt that that it 's a turning point تحول؟
إنه were before .. someone and بعديها after this moment yo u became someone else or your mindset changed and if that changed something in your character tell قوليلنا as well .
okay when you were at الجامعة or even now do لوحدك like working more in teams و لوحدك work individually على أي مشروع؟ ? و why ?
okay do you have a role model ? في example in your work الأعلى شغلك، in your الإجتماعية؟ الإجتماعية؟ in general الإجتماعية؟ is إنتي someone that you like and want to be like him in one aspect of his personality حاجة؟
okay there is question بيقول would you rather be liked or respected ? تختاري one would you ليه؟ ?
okay can تقولنا tell us how do يومك start أزاي، day أزاي، and what ايه الروتين daily routine when بتاعك get up in الصبح؟ morning ?
طيب مثلا you are الأغاني بتبقى english or arabic songs , and can you tell us which song do you like most and أكتر singer do you like listening to ?
okay would you like reading ?
do you like writing عن certain topics ? ممكن you show us some of your writings ?
can you tell تقولنا about لو you .. graduate god 's willing what 's your dream job ? i يعني do نفسك see yourself بتشتغل in .. in a company مثلا example software development or web development or game development or do you want هتعمل make masters or i يعني would you join academic field or هتخش you join في practical life and work in a private agency and so ?
طيب have you ever tried to do internships or تشتغل work جزئي or full-time somewhere else than the other place you did the التدريب that you told us about can you tell us about أزاى؟ experience how was عامله like ?
طيب out of بتاعتك experience do you think which انت better شايف working الحياة or your life as a الجامعة طالب أحسن؟ and why .. why did you choose this اختيارك , explain هتختار did you choose this الإختيار ?
طيب can you tell us about a moment in حياتك life that was a turning point بالنسبالك، before which your life كنت moving in حاجة certain حتة while بعدها this moment you changed your ده after this moment your character changed and so on .
okay في college would you like to work projects in groups ولا do you بتحب to تشتغل individually and .. and why ليه؟
طيب do you have a حد model in .. مثلا example in your دراستك أو in your social life in general الأجتماعية، is there somebody who is your role مثل in certain field ?
okay there في سؤال question بيقول هتختار you rather be محبوب ولا respected , which one would you choose and why ليه؟
انا is there certain trait in .. في others that you ca n't deal with قدامي؟
okay , أيه situation makes فيه anxious , تحس mean what irritates you ? or which موقف موقف general makes اتحطيت irritated عامة؟
طيب , have you ever tried to تتكلم in english in a situation that do n't know the .. the topic you are talking about and to speak too much إنجليزي كلمات تحسس make others feel that انك understand everything and so on كده؟
شكرا you
okay can you tell us what do يومك do every morning ? what ايه your daily routine ? when you بتاعك؟ up إيه؟ do you do إيه؟
okay this كلام very جميل
okay have تقرى ever tried reading before ?
would you like reading القراية؟
okay would you prefer طب in عربى or in english ?
تمام طيب , is there any quote or say you have read مقولة a book that you liked وعجبتك like to وعجبتك بيها in your حياتك؟ حياتك؟
okay , no problem ?
do you like listening to songs ?
okay can you tell us the name of your favorite singer أو band you like قوليلنا to تسمعيلها
okay can you tell us about the أخر فيلم you have عليه أو a movie اتفرجتى you عليه و like تتفرجى watch it several مرة i mean you وفرقت the قصته as it affected you وتحكى can you لنا لنا the story of this movie ?
okay have you ever traveled abroad before ?
okay can you tell us where do you want to travel فين؟ and why وليه؟
which country would you like تروحيها؟ visit ?
yes , this is right .
okay طيب can you تحكيلنا us about سفرية trip that was internally in مصر and the sightseeing شوفيتيها have watched % kt .. for example مثلا have been روحتى a temple in certain place or have you been روحتى a place where there are nice natural scenes .
تمام لو what if you got the opportunity for a scholarship or for a job offer تسافرى travel abroad .. would you accept that ولا would you to settle here with your parents in egypt .
okay have you felt in لحظة moment إنها it was a turning point تحول؟
طيب at الجامعة did you like working individually or فى .. in teams على any project مشروع؟ and why ليه؟
okay there is a question says would أنك rather تكون liked و respected ? which one would you choose أنهى؟ and why ?
طيب do عندك have a role model مثل your life ? someone شغلك، consider مثل a role model in .. can be at work , it can be حياتك your social life الاجتماعية، فى home .
okay so answer then .
اه
okay can you tell us بتبدأي do you start your day ?
and i go to sleep .
طيب عندك you have certain hobbies that you like practicing or do you have certain plans on the الأسبوعية؟ ?
okay do you like reading ?
okay in arabic or in english ?
طيب بتحبي do you like listening to songs ?
طيب , can you تحكيلنا us the story of a فيلم you have watched and you like it ؟ and why did it affect you ?
okay okay i will نسألها you a question بما you talked about this issue نسألها
في is a question which بيقول would you rather be liked و respected ?
which one would you choose وليه؟ وليه؟ ?
why ليه؟
okay .
طيب ايه which words can you تعليميهلها her while هي is صغيرة؟ ?
i mean would you هتعلميها her to express herself arabic or english or français and why ?
okay , when you were at college what would you like to تشتغلي ?
what was your dream job ؟
this is good .
but it has nothing to do with the بالتخصص؟ ?
okay
did you do internships or have اشتغلتي worked part-time or بدوام anywhere ?
طيب دلوقت what if we compared your life دلوقت to your شغلك as a student which is better ?
تمام
في people mentioned that because when عندك are عشان student you have a three month اجازة for مثلا ?
okay can تقولي tell us which moment did حياتك feel was أكتر turning point before قبلها your حياتك was في a certain direction and then .. ؟
okay did that change شخصيتك شخصيتك ?
okay
and why ?
طيب أوي have you ever faced a situation that you have to تتكلمي about موقف certain موضوع that you know nothing about , فحاولتي فحاولتي tried to interfere english words so as to pretend that you understand و to end the topic quickly ?
okay can you live غير a mobile and وليه؟ موبايل؟ وليه؟
okay can you choose anything and persuade us of ؟
anything .
that 's it .
okay here you go اتفضلي
i did n't أعرف this info دي
it 's فيه .
thank you
okay , can you tell us what do you do every morning ? what 's your daily routine ?
okay do you have certain hobbies that you بتحب practicing or do you have certain plans on the weekend ?
okay .
okay can you tell عندك about a مقولة that you have read before and you like it , and affected you ? i mean مقولة quote that you like applying in your life ?
okay , can you tell تحكيلنا about the a movie أنت أنت بتحبه و like بتحبه story ? or أخر last movie you have watched ?
تمام، طيب، do you have a certain book that you have read قريته و influenced you ?
okay , what would you like to work when you % ت .. تتخرج؟ تتخرج؟ what أيه بتاعتك؟ الأحلام الأحلام بتاعتك؟
okay , did you do internships في before or did you work part-time أو دوام جزئي في ? and if yes , لو you tell us about بتاعتها؟ experience بتاعتها؟
طيب، do you think your working life is much أحسن or your life as a طالب ? is before تتخرج differ than after تتخرج and which أحسن better and why ?
طيب، , can you تقولي us is there any moment in your life that you felt .. was تحول؟ turning نقطة تحول؟
okay , who is your حياتك؟ model في life ? ممكن can be a role model at .. at شغلك، شغلك، it can be .. او sorry at college , or it can be in your social حياتك . do you see someone for example who is .. بيتعامل with others in certain way for example و you want to be like him زيه؟
تمام، أنهي , okay there was a question would you rather تكون liked or respected which one would you choose ?
because i feel that he is not predictable , he can bark و يعضك you at any وقت .
okay thank you .
طيب اليومي can you tell بتاعتك؟ about your daily routine بتاعتك؟ بتصحى do you do when you get up in the morning إيه؟
okay do you have certain هوايات that you like practicing ?
تمام طيب do you like القراية؟ القراية؟
okay do you remember what was أخر أخر book you have read ? or the book that for example فرق the most impact on you ? and whether فيه is in english أو arabic ? and لو you can share us with a quote for example that you like .
okay , .. do you like watching أفلام or can you tell us the story of the أخر فيلم you اتفرجتى watched ?
okay do you like listening to music أغانى؟ and if yes do you بتحبيه to arabic or english أغانى؟ as well ?
okay have you ever tried joining نوادي؟ at college ? was it for charity ولا بالرياضة؟ خيري example ?
okay what if you did n't find a job at college what would be your dream job ? what would نفسك like to work ?
okay did you do internship before anywhere ?
okay in your opinion which do you like more working life or حياتك life when you were طالبة؟ student ?
و .. and why do you شايفه in that ? for example is من terms of responsibilities or المسؤوليات، .
okay who is your role .. role model in your life , at work in فى الجامعة in حياتك practical life ?
okay there أن a question would you rather تكوني liked و تفضلي which one would أنك choose ? and why ?
okay بتعتبري do you consider نفسك an سهل شخص to deal with أو i sit صعب to تتعامل to know عليكي or to يكسروا break في you بينكوا؟
which quality do you بتحبيها اكثر most نفسك؟ yourself ? and why ? that نفسك؟ never want to change it .
okay what is the most trait if .. أو quality if found in the other شخص it تبقى be صعب to deal مع because قدامك do n't like or اتقبله؟ such طبع
okay is there اهلك your family criticize you on بينتقدوها؟
for example clean up أوضتك room or stop doing % t .. this thing for example ..
okay well can you tell me something about yourself that you بتعتبريها it weird something weird ?
can you tell us what do you do every morning and أيه 's بتاعك؟ daily routine ?
do you have certain plans on the weekends ? or فى example do you have معينة hobbies that you like practicing تمارسيها؟
okay can you tell us do you like reading can you tell us بتحبى you like تقرى in بالعربى or in english ? or which type of books do you like reading ? which كتاب do you like reading يعنى most i mean that you like وممكن can read تقريه again تانى؟
okay do you like على movies and can you tell us about أخر last movie you have watched أو can you tell us about the story of a فيلم that you like .
okay you have said ان you were n't never expecting تشتغلى work as مدرس ta , what كانت بتاعتك؟ dream job بتاعتك؟
okay تمام
طيب can you tell تحكيلنا if you did an internships قبل can you tell تحكيلنا about what did you used to do ? what what were your tasks ?
طيب okay would you prefer working الحياة or your life as a طالبة أحسن mean من terms مثلا days off for example , in terms المسؤوليات؟ المسؤوليات؟ ? and .. and why do you تفضلى بتاعك؟ بتاعك؟
okay when you were فى college did yo you prefer working في فريق or individually على any project ? and .. and why ?
طيب who is مثلك role model at .. for مثلا في college or i mean when you were studying or برا حياتك حياتك life ? do you have a مثل model and so ?
okay there is a question would you لا be liked و respected which one will you choose ? and why ليه؟
طيب can you tell us أيه do you بتعمل كل يوم ? what أيه your اليومي اليومي ?
تمام مثلا do you have certain things to do on الأسبوعية ? or for example do عندك have certain hobby that you like practicing ?
okay , well ممكن you تقولنا us what 's your favorite هي ?
تسمع do you like listening to أغانى؟ أغانى؟
okay can you tell us arabic or إنجليزي؟ songs ? or is there certain نوع that you like listening ?
طيب can you tell us the story of a movie that you have عليه و حبيته؟ liked it حبيته؟ or the most recent movie you have watched حبيته؟ you أتفرجت .
تمام طيب do you بتحب reading تقرا؟ or have you ever read any books before ?
okay can you tell us in which لغة؟ do you like رواية أدب؟ ?
okay what if you did n't work as a ta or أنت you were مساعد student أنت was your dream job ?
okay ممكن you tell us about طيب experience you gained .
okay can you تقولى us do you like more the working life or your الحياة as a طالب؟ ? i mean which one is much better حياتك حياتك ? نفسك you like to return back as a student or would you like تشتغل؟ go on تشتغل؟ ? and why ?
ممكن can be in terms المسؤوليات، المسؤوليات، المسؤوليات، days off .
okay أيه moment in your life حسيت حياتك felt was a تحول؟ point تحول؟
طيب حسيت did you feel that ده something in your character ?
تمام أنت when you were at college did you like working in teams ولا do you like بتحب work individually on اى project ?
is there certain سبب for معين؟ ?
is there anybody that you ممكن تعتبره your role model ? سواء at work or in your practical life العملية؟
okay
okay there is a بيقول about would you rather be liked or تحترمك؟ ? which one would you choose ?
but for مثلا and أنت you for مثلا teaching الطلاب class would you like students to يحبوك you more or it does n't matter but to respect you أنهم much important ?
okay ممكن you tell us what do you بتعملى when you get up every morning ?
what 's your daily routine ?
okay well do you have certain hobbies that you like طيب تمارسيها ?
but to be the first ones
okay لما you read do you like تقرى in بالعربى or in english ? and is there certain type of writing do you like ?
تمام بتحبى طيب do you like listening أغانى songs .
okay okay can تحكيلنا tell تحكيلنا a bout a movie that انتي like watching or you أتفرجتى watched more كذه once , can أحكيلنا أحكيلنا أحكيلنا قصته قصته ?
okay
and when you were at college have دخلتى joined قبل any clubs or have كنتى participated in any student activities ?
okay can تقوليلي tell تقوليلي if there is لحظة moment in your life that you felt was a turning point ?
okay when you were at college did you كنتى working in groups or كنتى you like working individually on projects ? and why ليه؟
do you consider yourself someone سهل to talk to , or is it hard for others to deal with you , can أنه instantly get to know you or do they بيبقى time for ice breaking ?
can you tell us how do you بتبدأ your day ازاي؟ أيه 's your daily اليومي بتاعك؟
okay do you بتحب listening تسمع arabic و english songs and do you عندك معينة band or مغني that تحب تحب تسمع to ?
بيبقي عندك do you have certain خطط or معينة things to do في الأجازات weekends ?
okay do you like reading ?
okay is there any مقولة that you have read في مقولة كتاب and you liked it or you like applying in your life حياتك؟
which book have you read the most and if yo u can بسرعة tell us about its story ?
which movie have you watched and liked قصته؟ story ? and if you would like can you tell us قصته؟ story ?
okay can بتاعتك tell تقولنا about what 's .. your dream job if you were not working as مدرس ta in the university ?
okay okay can you tell us about an experience that you gained في an تدريب that you did قبل أو from a part-time او دوام كامل؟ شغل ?
okay do you much تفضل the العملية life , the working life or your life as a طالب؟ ? and why ?
okay , which moment do you حسيت حسيت a تحول؟ point تحول؟
okay do you feel أنه this غير something in your character شخصيتك؟
okay okay و you were at college كنت you like الشغل in teams or do you like working on projects individually لوحدك؟ ليه؟
okay do you have a role أعلى in your life ? سواء بتدرس بتدرس at college أو in your practical life برا؟
okay تفضل is a question would you rather be liked or respected ? which الناس would you choose and why ?
and i get أقتنعت
thank شكرا
okay , can you tell us what are you doing every morning ? what إيه your اليومي routine ?
طيب , do you خطط certain plans in the weekends or certain الأجازات هوايات بتحب you like to practice ?
تمام طيب , do أنت like listening to أغاني؟ ?
okay , do you like تسمع to بالعربي و english ? and can you تقولنا تقولنا if عندك عندك a favorite song or مغني or a certain band you would like to بتحب ?
تمام طيب , do you like to read ?
okay ليه have you جربت .. if جربت tried reading you would read in arabic و بالإنجليزي؟ بالإنجليزي؟ and why did you choose this language ?
okay , can you tell us about a فيلم you watched and you liked its plot , the most movie you like أو the last one ?
okay , لما you grow up , get married and have بيها؟ , هتحب would like to join تتدخلهم to a قومية ولا international school ? and what language يدرسوا will يدرسوا بيها؟ and ده؟ ده؟
okay , if you .. you have said that since you were young , you want to تبقى an actor or a مخرج , so the opportunity .. .. .. besides التمثيل , do you have وظيفة dream job ?
okay , have you tried to تعمل an تدريب أو work full-time or دوام جزئي؟ ?
okay , in رأيك opinion working life أحسن أحسن ولا حياتك كالحياة now as a student المسؤليات؟ in terms of for example الأجازات or responsibilities ?
okay , have you felt in a moment in your حياتك إنه it was a تحول؟ نقطة تحول؟ before قبلها you بتفكر بتفكر in a certain way أو seeing حياتك life going in a direction و then it became in another اتجاه or something في your personality تحول؟
okay وانت now while you are in الجامعة , would you like to work on projects in teams or individually لوحدك؟ و ليه؟ ?
تمام , is there مثلا you consider him مثل ideal سواء in your دراستك، life , your college , your حياتك حياتك or في your direction in acting ? في حد anyone who is your role model في حاجة معينة؟ thing ?
okay , here is a question which asks would أنك rather be liked و respected ? which one will you choose انهي؟ وليه؟ why ?
okay , can you تقوليلنا us what are you doing every يوم ? what 's your daily routine ?
براحتك you like
okay , do you بيبقى certain plans in the الأجازات الأسبوعية، or certain hobbies that you like to practice ?
okay , do you like reading ?
طيب , do you like to read in arabic or in english ? and ممكن you تقوليلنا us a book which you liked .. a book that you مثلا أثرت or في certain quote that you read في قريتيها and affected you and بتمشي it as an approach ?
you confused me
okay , ممكن you tell us the قصة of one of the two books ?
okay بتسمعي do you بتسمعي to songs ?
طب , do you like listening to english or arabic songs عربي؟
okay , for example which song you like the أكتر , or مغني singer you love the most ?
okay , we all love amr diab
okay , can you تحكيلنا تحكيلنا the story of a movie that you like and affected you or the last movie you عليه ?
okay ليه when you grow up و have ولاد، , هتحبي would like تدخليهم تدخليهم تدخليهم to a national or international school ? و what language they will study ? and why ?
okay , when تكبرى، grow up بتاعتك، what is your طيب، job ? where you تشتغلي to work ?
what do ايه؟ want to do ?
okay , for example siemens هو a company that فيها all المجالات، , it contains engineers , hr and everything , فيها مش .. what you want to work في سيمنز for example ? to do .. to code .. .. do
جميلة are pretty
okay , في college , would بتحبي like to work in groups or do you like to تشتغلي on project individually ? and ليه؟ ?
but , do not you مابتحسيش like if you worked in a group , you may .. اللي mate في the المجموعة does not finish his task تنقصوا، so فأنتوا تأخدوا get low grade ?
i mean some people said أنه working on my own is much better as i ببقى ببقى عارفاها، time as i want , and if i أعتمدت on someone , we may not مواعيدنا able to أعتمدت on the same dates or someone may مايشتغلش؟ ?
okay , here is سؤال question which بيقول would you rather be liked or respected ? which one will تحترمك choose ? and ليه؟ ليه؟
liked
ليه؟ ?
okay , who is your role الأعلى for مثلا in your study , in your practical life or in ال .. في volley which you play , he may be a celebrity , حد of your العيلة، or somebody حد is teaching you in the college ?
okay , ..
thank شكرا
طيب، , can تحكيلنا تحكيلنا تحكيلنا about هوايات تمارسها؟ that you like to practice ?
okay , do you like تسمع to songs ? and if أه , would أه like to hear in arabic or in english ?
تمام , is there a معين singer you يتحب to his songs ? or a certain song you like to بتحب to ?
okay , can you تحكيلنا تحكيلنا about قصته movie that you watched and you liked its plot and influenced عجبك معاك
okay , can you tell تحكيلنا when .. i يعني when you were young , what كان your dream job ? and now , بعد بتاعتك؟ دخلت your college , what would you like to work ?
okay , can you tell us about an internship you have took before أو a place where you أشتغلت full-time أو part-time in it جزئي؟
تمام , would تفضل rather the practical life , when you will graduate and have a job , i mean the working المهنية or your life in college as you are still a student ?
well , أنت you ever traveled abroad كده؟
okay , can you tell تقولنا where did you travel ? ممكن mean what countries did you روحتها before or if أيه is a مكان you liked and عايز مثلا go تانى؟ again ?
is there a certain country you want to visit ?
تمام أيه , why ?
طيب , if you get a scholarship opportunity or a job abroad , will جتلك ترفض ولا not ? and why ?
طيب , ممكن you tell us about a place you visited in egypt that you liked it ? tell us about the experience in it ?
did you visit any place there ? alexandria مكتبة for example الأسكندرية؟
okay طيب can you tell us about a moment in your حياتك that you felt that it is a تحول point ?
okay , did this change anything in your personality ?
okay , في college , do you like working في فريق و individually in .. on أي project ? and why ?
okay , is there عندك you consider him your حد , a role model in a certain thing , let نقول say in your career , your college , your life , your الكنيسة، or في home ?
okay , here في a question which asks would you rather تكون liked or محبوب ? which one will تحترمك choose ? and why ?
okay , can you tell us about الروتين daily routine ? what do you do every morning when you wake up ?
okay , do you used to do حاجة certain thing في الأجازات weekends ? do you have certain plans ?
okay , you said that you used to read , can you tell تحكيلنا عن the book that you are reading لغة؟ أو in general , in which language would you like تقرأ بتقراه , arabic for مثلا؟ ? english ? which لغة؟ لغة؟ and .. و أيه type would you like تقراه، read , let us نقول literature or .. or a novel for example or what أيه؟
okay , would you like تشجع تشجع a particular sport أو play رياضة certain رياضة ?
okay , do you بتحب تسمع to songs ? و if yes , would you بتحب بتحب to بالعربي و بالإنجليزي english songs و can you تقولنا عندك about تقولنا مثلا أغنية ?
okay طيب can you تحكيلنا us about a فيلم you عليه و its story influenced you فيك أو the last movie أتفرجت أتفرجت for example ?
well ممكن what do تقولنا want to do when نفسك finished your college ? أيه is your dream job ?
تمام , can you tell us عن an internship you have took أخدتها أو a full-time or a part-time job ده؟ and أيه أيه الخبرة الخبرة that you got from that الشغل ?
well , in your opinion , which is better ? working life يعني your life as a student ?
okay , have you ever traveled قبل ?
.. , is there a certain country نفسك want تسافرها؟ travel to ?
تمام , is there حابب specific place you want تزوره visit there البلد؟ that 's why you want حابب go to this country ?
okay , can you tell us about a travel you did inside egypt هناك؟ and tell us about the experience هناك؟ هناك؟
تمام , can you تحكيلنا us about a period في your life in حياتك you حسيت that it is a turning point ?
when i switched
okay , did you feel that ده changed anything in your personality ? tell أحكيلنا كده has changed ?
تمام طيب , in college , do لوحدك like working في فريق or individually on أي project ? and ليه؟ ?
but , some people said that if they worked in .. in teams مثلا example , أنت ca n't تعتمد on them , so i would rather take the responsibility مسئولية the whole project , so why أتحمل choose to تختار with a team ?
تمام
okay , is there anyone you consider him your حد في your حياتك ? whether in the college or in حياتك practical حياتك العملية؟
why ?
insisting
okay , here is a question which asks would you rather be محبوب or محبوب ? أن الناس will you choose ليه؟ and why ليه؟
why ليه؟
well , do you consider yourself a person who people can talk معاه him easily or لا صعب to break the ice with you بينكوا، and why ?
okay , أنك أنك have difficulty to deal with people of different social levels ?
بمعنى بمعنى that you بتعرف not deal مع ناس for example who are higher or أقل than منك at the social level ?
تمام , what is the personal trait that you like the most in yourself and you do not want it تتغير change at all أبدا؟
okay , is there a معينة صفة or a nature لو you found في a person , no way you can deal مع him ? و mean a trait that you تبقى not like to be in the person who قدامك؟ are dealing with قدامك؟
okay , can you tell us about موقف most common situation you can be nervous about فيها؟
يعني do you act at the .. at this time ?
okay , have you tried before talking مع someone in english و acting like you can understand him just to keep on track و originally you do n't بتتكلم the topic ?
okay , can you تعيش من غير mobile ? and why ?
طيب , can you choose something and تقنعنا us of it ? تختار the last question
we too , رب
well طيب، can you تحكيانا us about how your يومك begins ? أيه is your daily routine ?
تمام طيب، , ممكن you tell تحكيلنا عن the series that you are عليه , its story , or if you want to tell us about the story of a فيلم أتفرجت you أتفرجت and affected you ?
well , do you like listening تسمع songs ?
okay , do you like listening to arabic or english songs ? and can you tell us if you have a معينة song or a singer you like listening to ?
تمام طيب، , طيب، تقرا do you بتحب تقرا ?
okay can تحكيلنا tell تحكيلنا أيه do you do في الكروسفيت؟ الكروسفيت؟ ?
can you تقولنا us what أنت أيه dream job , what would نفسك ممكن to work when you grow up ?
okay , did you take any steps to achieve this dream او ان would reach it out ?
okay طيب، you mentioned أنت كنت worked جزئي .. are you part-time now ?
في your رأيك life is أحسن better as a مهنية life ولا as a طالب life أحلى؟
حسيت can you tell us about a لحظة when حياتك feel that it was a turning point ?
okay did you feel that it غير your personality when you took القرار decision ?
okay there في a question would you rather be liked or respected , which one do تحترمك، choose و why ?
تمام okay when you were at college did you like to work in teams or ليه، on any project , and why ?
okay , do عندك have any role الأعلى in .. سواء in study , or في your life in general , for example في التمثيل التمثيل that you want to توصلله، , do you have any role model ?
okay , can you tell us what do you do when you get up every morning ? what أيه الروتين اليومي اليومي ?
okay , بيبقى عندك عندك certain plans في the الأسبوعية؟ الأسبوعية؟ for example certain hobbies that you like to practice ?
okay تمام، طيب، okay do you like reading تقرا
okay طيب، ممكن you تقولنا us do you like بتحب in arabic or in بالإنجليزي and if there في a book that has an impact on معاك، for example لو مثلا is a quote you get from it that you بتحب applying in your حياتك؟ ?
تمام okay طيب، do you بتحب listening to songs ?
okay طيب، do you like listening تسمع arabic or english songs and مين is أكتر singer do you like listening to the most تسمعله؟
there is nothing in specific .
can you تحكيلنا us about the movie story الفيلم، the movie انت has the greatest impact on فيك and لو there مافيش no specific movie can you tell us about the story of the last movie أتفرجت أتفرجت watched عليه؟
can you tell us القصة بتاعته؟ story بتاعته؟
okay after finishing college what would تخلص like to work ? what 's your الأحلام job .
what .
تمام طيب can you tell us about part-time job or full-time job that you worked i يعني أو لو you did an تدريب can you tell us about the experience أزاي؟ gained .
okay do you think في working life أحسن أحسن than your life as a طالب؟ ?
why ?
can you tell us أيه period in your life that you felt was a turning point تحول؟
okay and what did that change in شخصيتك character ?
okay when you were at college did كنت like working in فريق or لوحدك على any مشروع ?
ممكن تقولنا tell تقولنا why did you choose to work in teams .
do you ليك a role الأعلى؟ الأعلى؟ a role model في a معين؟ field ?
in study , في حياتك، , in ال .. the .. for example in a sport that you بتلعبها؟ بتلعبها؟
تمام okay there is a question would أنك rather be liked or تفضل , أن one would you choose and why ?
can you tell us what do you بتعمل كل morning , إيه 's your اليومي routine ?
تمام okay do you عندك certain hobbies بتحب you like practicing ?
okay do you like تقرا؟ ?
okay okay do you like listening to songs ?
okay can تحكيلنا tell تحكيلنا عن the movie you like the most and تحكيلنا us its story أو the last movie you have watched ?
okay طيب ايه what would you like to work after finishing your جامعة ? what 's your الأحلام job .
okay did you take تدريب قبل anywhere or to work full-time or جزئي؟ ?
طيب from your own point of view is working life better ولا your life as a طالب، , و why ليه؟
حسيت can you tell تحكينا about a لحظة that you felt انه a تحول؟ point ?
okay did you feel that it غير something in your character ?
okay okay when you were at الجامعة كنت you like working in teams ولا individually on any project , و why ?
okay , do you have a role model , a role الأعلى in your life whether in study , في your social life , في home ?
okay do you consider .. sorry .. there is a question would you rather be liked or تفضل , which one would you choose and ليه؟ ?
انتي do you have certain hobbies that you like practicing ?
okay do you بتحبي reading ?
do you بتقري in arabic ولا in english ? is there a specific book مثلا has a great impact on you that you would like to tell us what كان it about ?
okay % bt تتفرجي like watching movies of طبعا .
okay can you tell us what was the movie اتفرجتي have watched and had a great أثر on فيكي، , can you briefly تحكيلنا تحكيلنا the story أو tell us about the last movie you watched if there is no specific فيلم actually يعني؟
okay can تقوليلنا تقوليلنا تقوليلنا what نوع of songs do you بتسمعيها to and whether they are in بالعربي or in english or in other language or for example لو there is certain أغنية that you تحبيها أو certain singer that you like listening بتسمعيله؟ ?
okay is there معينة quote that you like applying in حياتك life or بتمشي are following ?
okay انتي تتخرجي what would you like to work ? what 's your الأحلام الأحلام ?
بس حاسبات حاسبات is vague برضه، well برضه، i mean it includes for example software development برمجيات، game development الألعاب، web development المواقع، مافيش is no معينة؟ thing ?
طيب can you tell us about خبرة experience أخدتيها gained في doing internship or for example from part-time or full-time work كامل؟
طيب أنتي in your opinion working life أحسن much أحسن or your حياتك as a student at college ?
some كانت said for example that the student حياة is أقل، أحسن because of the الأجازات , the three month شهور أجازة، is granted , or because أحنا low responsibility . i أنا ممكن not to study at الجامعة، but at work i 'm committted to a deadline and فأنتي have to work so as not to get fired ماترفدش، so أيه؟ do you رأيك ?
okay can you tell us about لحظة moment في which you feel إنها it إنها a turning point تحول؟
طيب حسيتي did you feel that ده changed your character ?
okay when you were at college did you like working in groups or do بتحبي like working individually on any project , and ليه؟ ?
انتي do عندك have a role mode , someone who is a role model in certain thing whether in your social حياتك or في work .. sorry .. at college جامعتك؟
okay تفضل is a question would you rather be محبوب or respected , which الناس would you choose and why ?
okay can you tell تحكيلنا when you بتصحى up every morning what 's your اليومي routine بتاعك، what do you do ايه؟
can you tell us ايه نوع of music do you like listening to if you like listening to عربي ولا english or there is a certain band او someone that you listen to ?
no problem مشكلة، مش مشكلة
okay would you like reading ? have you ever tried تقرا قبل ?
okay
okay can you tell us عن a movie أنت أتفرجت have watched and that had a أثر impact on you ?
okay okay what would تكبر؟ like to تشتغل when you grow up ? أيه أيه your dream job after finishing college جامعة؟
okay okay can you تقولنا تقولنا about the خبرة you gained from the internship or from your part-time or اشتغلت دوام work that you did حتة؟
طيب أنهي through this experience which is better the working life or حياتك life as a university student ?
okay ممكن تحكيلنا tell us about لحظة moment in which you felt that it 's a تحول؟ point تحول؟
طب did you feel that غير changed your character ?
okay when you were at college كنت you بتحب working in فريق or بتشتغل individually على any project , and why ?
تمام طب do you have a role model whether في work , at college , or whether in حياتك life in general ?
someone a role model ?
okay تفضل is a question about would you rather be liked or respected أنك الناس would تحترمك تحترمك and why ?
okay can تحكيلنا tell تحكيلنا how do you بتبدأي your day what 's your daily routine إزاي؟ بتاعك؟
تمام طيب do عندك have certain خطط on الأسبوعية؟ ?
okay do بتحبي بتحبي reading تقري؟
okay can you تحكيلنا us about a movie that you have watched و اتفرجتي قصته قصته عجبتك، can you tell us قصة story ؟
do you like listening to songs ?
do you like listening تسمعي arabic or english and can تقوليلنا تقوليلنا us about the name of المغني singer you like ?
okay can بتاعتك تقوليلنا us about through experience do you like more working life or your الحياة as طالبة، student which one do you prefer ?
تمام انتي have you traveled برا قبل ?
طيب can you tell us where did you فين و .. and which country that you like did you visit the most and is there a place that نفسك تروحيه to تاني؟ again ?
okay ممكن you tell us which period في حياتك life did you feel is a turning point ?
حاسيتي ده did you feel that it changed أيه؟ in your شخصيتك ?
okay okay و لوحدك were في college did you بتحبي working في teams or كنتي كنتي like تشتغلي work individually على any project and why ?
طيب can you tell us who is your حياتك model , someone you consider a مثل model in in your حياتك whether at شغلك، شغلك، at بيتك، , in your الاجتماعية؟ life .
okay there في a question about would أنك rather be liked or respected ? which الناس would you choose و why ليه؟
okay do you consider yourself an سهل شخص بتحسي تتكلم with ولا do others neeed more time to break the ice with نفسك ?
okay لو صفة if found في others you would n't be able بتحبيها deal with these characters something you do هتعرفي like in others ?
national school .
and اتولدت اتولدت you born ?
in اسكندرية .
computer ومعلومات
smart ذكية
how to make the board or how to using laser pointer و it will be acted as a مؤشر that 's it .
what do you mean بعمل what do you do في your يومي ?
no i get up in the morning i dressed up و go to الجامعة، الجامعة، i take الباص، الباص، الباص، that 's it .
كل يوم، i يوم، up at six thirty a.m .
بروح go to gym
cooking
pasta مكرونة باستا
yes
it was in english
it was called مخطوطة found in accra
بتاع 's بتاع paulo كويلو
it had a جدا معايا on me
and it was about jerusalem before persaders invaded it .
and it was فيها ال ال feelings مشاعرهم fear anxiety
all these things before knowing that other people بتبقى invade their country دي
and this is their مشاعرهم .
and كل was talking and there was a philosopher that كان answering them back .
in this الكتاب ده؟
if i correctly remember there was something called be proud of بجراحك scars that 's it صح،
nobody
gym
i كنت in mun and i 'm older than you before it was called sife now it 's اسمه enactus .
بس are النشاطين two الأساسيين activities أنا i was enrolled in model of united nations and what we call now enactus إينكتيس
i was i was سكرتيرة secretary in the الأمن council and basically a نموذج of united nations .
they فأنت events to mimic تحاكي events of united المتحدة فكان which security council .
that was the position i was in charge of secretary position .
both
لا
no
مش do n't know
i would like to أشتغل as باحث researcher rather than مدرس مدرس actually .
did you do تدريبات قبل ايام college ..
كنت كنت in mun
in ibm
and .. and it was nice
and there was another training in siemens .
برضه was لطيفة as well but still i أكتر myself more in نفسي فيه .
اه , i can say حاجة like that
no , my life when i was a student at الجامعة
علشان i mean it was balanced .
فيها was درجة من freedom versus level of المسؤولية but not like now .
currently level of responsibility المسؤولية much higher .
فمافيش there is no المرونة نفس flexibility in time as زمان .
i want to return back as a student .
yes .
i have been to finland و turkey and المانيا المانيا
i have to say the last trip which هي german because i had اشتغلت well there and يعني كانت was very fruitful .
yes , i have to say yes .
yes , we are still in contact .
إقامة إقامة related to phd
my phd is تبع أمن security .
basically usable security means to have system that is both usable من terms of being مريح to للمستخدم user ان user should يعرف how to يستعمله it والإستخدام الوقت to be secured so as not مايبقاش يبقى vulnerable to different بأنواعها of attacks .
so basically we 're analyzing the different ways of الهجمات and we 're trying now بنحاول figure out usable way to secure the the الموبايل أنظمة .
yes , paris .
ماعرفش ماعرفش no idea و i feel that many كتيرة went there they كان تجربة تجربة so i can go there .
no , i would immigrate .
if it was n't german then it تبقى تبقى emirates إمارات
in هشتغل i هم معارف in these countries if عندي traveled actually i 'm يعني that i will travel , work and know exactly what i want to do بالظبط
but in emirates i have besides having already many غير actually , it is a promising market .
i went to dahab .
this is the fifth أو sixth مرة that أروح have been to dahab .
so فلأ هى 's beautiful
أنا like the country very much أوي
ماعملناش have اوي any activities actually in the آخر trip but definitely we went to blue balls three الثري بولز
everything in dahab actually
no
i mean my life مسار is not moving in this way .
definitely life هو not moving بسلاسة
but اعتقد think definitely everybody can face problems at work .
but i mean for مثلا i faced a problem at my master 's time .
بس that did n't hinder me from doing it .
afterwards i discovered أن it was something very strong .
but the problem that حصلتلي to me at that time كانت a big one and أياميها god i overcame تخطيتها actually .
no لوحدي
أنا 'm متحكم control of every aspect of the work so that ’ s why i اعتقد انه it is better to work on نفسي self on لوحدي own .
no , but is there a role model in certain field ?
i mean everyone i see is a role أعلى in certain field
can you ممكن examples if there حاجة thing that you want to say .
i mean so the so so in my life for example على the personal level i believe that أنا mother بشوف a great person .
at work i see that البروفيسور سليم مثلا example هو 's a very good teacher actually
i يعنى i learn something من everybody .
respected
i بعتبر myself an easy person to تتعامل معاه but you have to تسأل other people about it actually .
لا , at all
i مشكلة no problem at all in this issue .
no , بتعامل deal normally .
i do n't feel that there مشكلة any problem actually
المتملقين
yes أنا هم a term that i wo n't mention , عايزين people يبقوا want to impress their boss or or so so they kept يبهروا يطبلوله يطبلوله .
it 's that you 're you 're هايل
you عظيم great
you 're wow
بيكتر work الشغل بيكتر
i learned اتعلمت classify ومهمة into urgent and important
do you know urgent and important distribution ?
it is that if حاجة task is urgent and important it 's the first thing to be done .
urgent but not important it 's the second thing that should تتعمل done and so forth تانى
to hide that i do n't understand
yes , it happened .
no i mean , i يعني what was the الفعل ?
no لأ i think it passed that 's بس بس
no
no
because كل is there .
everything i need is there .
i need it for communication with الآخرين أتواصل mean
that بس it كده؟
okay
okay i used to live in fayoum till the أولى secondary then i moved to cairo because i was practicing في el bank al الأهلى club and .. .. k swimming يعنى .
خلصت i خلصت done there and i get to know my friends و other people and groups and so on and i عرفت to know that there is a university called جي .
أيا my total grade was i mean i enrolled here جابنى
whatever أيا total grade was يعنى mean i دخلت هنا in the university .
in the beginning i wanted to joined mechatronics
and then i joined تي
دلوقت يعنى أنا more interested in الموقع development
and i try to بحاول for new interests .
okay , أنا selected التخصص major i mean أنا was thinking at الأول about mechatronics .
i found that في أم as well frankly many of my friends enrolled there and i know كتير who graduated .
عملوا took the bachelor and did the masters abroad or in egypt so i liked the الفكرة يعنى .
و i حسيت that they are in so .. i اقدر join more than أم in إي تي
not .. it ملوش n't have great reputation
met يعنى different i mean
my بتاعى is تصديق verification لصور the online images .
it 's supposed that i زى online use and i have to make sure of the source whether بتاعها 's right or not .
i بشوف الصور الصور whether اصلا 're correct or not , photoshopped , faked , ( ( corrupted ) ) بأى any means of new editors أى any برنامج applied on the الصورة i can detect it أكشفة
باستخدم باستخدم several programming language not only واحدة which موجودة the only benefit in the bachelor .
ماليش do n't have a fixed routine .
i do n't حاجة something in particular to do كل يوم .
i can get up at seven in general أنا do n't sleep قليل so i can get up .. usually i get بصحى at خمسة بسبب of college and to catch the الأتوبيس and so on actually so i get used to do that .
i can أقوله you ممكن routine that i 'm getting used to أقوله
i was getting up , go to the exercise , return back أرجع have أفطر .
if i have classes at college i would practice في الجامعة .
and أكمل i أكمل the اليوم at college and stayed there till six او سبعة something like كده .
برجع i returned back by bus and since أنا ساكن بعيد away أنا i ساكن in بالأتوبيس شبرا so it takes الساعة so i returned back home at eight o'clock for example .
ع just eat و أتفرج anything on the internet on facebook , youtube anything and then i go to sleep .
on الأجازة weekend most of my weekend i spend in club or .. in club or بتاعي بقى أو meeting my friends or something like that but i do n't travel thank لله .
besides i 'm getting used to swim all time but ان انا do n't هعتبرها this a هواية يعنى يعنى هى more يعنى sport .
i read a lot .
and i like learning many languages as well برضه
there is more than one book but i can mention the most recent القريب .
a book اسمه the flinch
لجيمس james حاجة i do n't remember actually james what ?
هو 's عن the flinch when you 're تقلق when you تيجى about any trial to worry for example about jumping من the plane or doing anything ان is called الإحجام it means that you 're hesitated .
so how do you overcome it and how do تدوس تدوس on في anything or try anything and not to keep ماتستناش، , something like that .
i عجبنى it لإن it هو that you should n't wait something in specific تستنى start تشتغل، تشتغل، that 's it .
okay من i enrolled in الجامعة أنا joined two clubs ناديين
club enactus
in the النادي generally we are working على projects , not logistics , أو hr or something of that sort certain projects we 're حاجات charge of a project .
انا was شغال على a project called furny cards .
we كنا to deal with a big شركة related to decorations و كده .
كانت used to send us designs and we do furniture by باستخدام cards .
العربيات boards
and we know how احنا sell it and we used متعلمة or physically disabled or mentally to do the cards أو to make furniture and to sell يبيعوها so as to be a ربح for them .
i كان in another club as well but it was race cars السباق
he was مسئول مسئول يعمل organizing events
and there are events that are being بتتعمل here in the settlement .
we were responsible of organizing the events اللى join as an usher in most of المرشدين university activities .
this is most أغلب the activities i do at college actually .
i tried جربت الاتنين لوحدي طبعا مميزاته has مميزاته and team work has benefits but % ك .. يعنى يعنى على the long run of course it has to be team work جماعي
working individually توصل can reach to a لحظة and then تفصل تكمل everything and you do n't want to go on on حاجة عاوز تكمل quit .
no عمل works they encourage each others
they learn اكتر from الموضوع mistakes أخطائهم feel أن أنت learn
working individually there is no one to مفيش حد after you so you feel that انت 're sleeping actually .
most أغلب the الوقت english but بس can be arabic i like it i يعنى arabic that is little lebanon dialect او little far away than the egyptian culture actually .
or the old movies العربي we اتعودنا used to watch من time ago but now i 'm not following .
i يعنى؟ english ولا arabic ?
anything ?
the مغني مغني
ممكن can ممكن eminem
sometimes i was much listening to بسمعله because اوى like to enthusiasm myself during التمرين training so i فتعودت get used to that long time ago .
okay who else do i listen ل يا oh god ? i listen to fayrouz so much أوى
about school no i do n't think that انا will enroll them in a national school لإن انا was in a national school and there is no benefits .
and بعدين أنا saw دولية from international schools and i liked their way of thinking .
ممكن can be a german مدرسة ألماني
pardon تاىنى what is السؤال question once more ?
what are you going to teach هتعلمهم when they start speak ? which words would you teach them ? and بلغة ايه؟ language ?
هبعد will slightly go far away from اللغات issue of teaching them words in بلغة معينة اللغة besides the language you are using because it 's the اللغات they will تعلمهم هتستخدمها . i mean بعد on they can understand second languages .
فأغلب most of things are مأظنش عربي، ده، do n't think so i mean when we get far away from this topic we will not force you actually .
و that 's it once they started to understand the languages they ممكن understand more the meaning of the words and we can teach نعلمها the words in another language and the language اللى is not being used at home or the language that he can يستخدموها at school or somewhere else .
what نفسي really نفسي to do , i do n't أبقي to أبقي an موظف or أبقي mean by income أوبشتغل to work in certain company and to take income الشهر الشهر sorry salary monthly and i mean currently i 'm المرتب بفكر for أبقى رائد entrepreneur .
i took شويه courses in الأعمال شركة so as to know how أن تعمل مبتدئة how to make it abroad أو in country because i 'm not sure about لإني status of course .
but this is الفكرة point but دى dream job هى 's no it 's my dream company for مثلا my الأحلام organization مثلا than dream الأحلام .
which field ? at first i was thinking of web development because i took خبرة experience from the internship and ده took courses and so on .
but lately i mean مالقتش did n't find أن topic ..
it was not my great الاهتمام
فحاليا currently , i search and ask اللى برضه the major i enrolled in .. i دخلته in because of several factors it has several ways to learn several fields not only web development .
the سبب of my bachelor i enrolled in a field that 's totally مختلفة image processing to see ال .. as well the work field how would it be like .
but now there is دلوقت stage ان i 'm searching actually .
i worked as اشتغلت part-time for a while in the company i did before internship عملت عملت internship تلت three months .
and الشغل الشغل slightly liked my work and the المدير بتاعى he فعرض part-time دوام so i thought of trying it .
الشغل job is the same as the التدريب it was the same ساعات hours five days per week .
i used to باجى there at eight a.m .
it was a شركة located in dokki so it was slightly قريبة to my house .
ببدأ ببدأ to be like a tracker بنظبط adjust our schedule and so on actually يعني
and متواصل شغل i mean for example i مثلا مثلا work for example كل hour i used to take a break ربع 15 minutes break .
بنسأل ask each other more frequently it 's not a المكتب job and that 's it .
but i mean i liked الشغل job nature موجودة was في the company .
yes , الصراحة as a student at college يعني .
working life المهنية something amazing it 's جميلة but full of risks and then you 're alone so if things messed up so body you have to handle it alone يعني
so working life is definitely good , be of فيها advantages is that it 's مجازفة ربح as well and you can get ربح of course ; however , student life فيها a little bit lazy that you love .. ع bit by bit . i mean you still have have time to تتعلم then go for the working الحياة instead of rushing to the working المهنية instantly
i كده جربت working individually before at university الجامعةكان it was really exhausting and difficult
i نجحت succeeded as i got certain درجة for example or the المشروع became very good . i 'm proud of it but i مانبستطش not مانبستطش with the journey of the project . i am not pleased with the four month project .
لما i attended the internship and when i went the course التدريبية we used to take a lot of tutorials أوى everybody was sharing so i يعني that very much .
not all of us was working and there were so many problems but i felt that the فريق and i كان supporting each other as they can explain everything to me .
until the situation became very الموضوع طبعا منظم , it was .. was a better experience rather than individual work
once before i had a partner in the الفريق
what i am trying the most is بنقلها once you had a break , تاخد stopped working
you do n't have to exert much effort in order توصل reach something just stop and have a break
واحدة take it خالص بيبدأ with him too tackle the problem step by step ببساطة ببساطة all all as if we are going to هنتعلم من عيال beginning as if you are kids
فالبساطة simple makes you feel that you 're not alone أن it 's okay to make mistakes and it 's عادى أن انت are not as the same level as the other people so you will start feeling some security then you have energy to يعنى
yes i سافرت traveled before to romania
ده was معسكر camp .. معسكر لمدة أسبوعين weeks
the camp was for two weeks as well المعسكر camp was sponsored by organization international organization
the idea is that كنت go to this camp that has to do السباحة swimming هناك that i كان تبع attend فيها
you go there to train people and teach them . in addition to this , they used to have a competition by the end with fourteen members from مختلفة بلاد and you started talking with them عن the cultures موجودة
how do you تعيشوا together ? how do you eat ? how do you تجيبوا money ? تشتغلوا about your jobs ?
it is as if you got to know many countries
there were a lot of أماكن يعني for example , لو i 'm going to أقول about أحلى best مكان in egypt , it will be dahab , the blue hole or three بولز
those were .. were great times as لما we went there قبل , we spent .. spent تلت أيام alone in the camp
so it was really good because it 's one of the best places that i have ever seen , to be honest and أنا will not regret أضرب the long الصراحة to خالص there
the best place abroad ? i can see that it was a really good because i have been to only one واحدة
the country that i traveled كانت كلها about forests so the experience was جديدة for me as i have n't seen this before in egypt at all so for me it was good and i will never forget it
of course i will travel
وش course i أسافر أسافر
traveling is nothing but when you want to تسافر and try new حاجات , it 's already an experience that helps you learn كل like how to manage your time how تدير manage your money الوقت، what you are going to spend على الفلوس، . أزاى will take spending money into consideration
you بتتعرف to بتتعرف جديدة people so your way of thinking بتفكر change for مثلا you spent say twenty two و twenty three years مع people that have the same التفكير، حوالى when you go there , you will find that the مجتمع is not easily persuaded بأى anything that أنت say
you should find a way تتعامل persuade them
so the فتجربة was really رهيبة , it 's better not to miss such chance once you got it
a turning point in my life حياتي؟ مرة there was something related to my father , yes , my والدى . he was in a coma و was suffering from some problems that i started to feel more responsible .
هو was in a coma for three شهور that انا was responsible for his work و i had to deal with the problems there ال .. i felt that انا نضجت more mature a little شويه . it يعنى not only about working but also leaving my family alone and being at university to finish that projects at university that i have there in addition to meeting my الجامعة colleagues so i felt that it would be better if انت balanced between both of them
it taught me how to أوزن between them and that 's it
it usually depends on اللى person in front of me . if i حسيت that the person in front of me really عايز to talk with me and to ice بدوس أوى، i start يتكلم with him فعلا but for me , i really like ice breaking . i do n't like انعزل انعزل from بحب .
بحب بحب talking مع أدوس freely and it 's not necessarily to be right or wrong or , for example , or to be upset with منى، or angry from me but باحترام all my respect منى، of course but i really like اتعرف get along with people لازم you should love تتعلمها and learn how to do this .
so i felt that i ال .. i am educated متعلم، actually , i wo n't say أن it 's a gift يعني أنا am educated ان i هو free to talk and it 's okay with me no matter what طالما long as it 's in a respectful way .
i do n't know what to اتكلم , yes but i should change my طريقة of speaking , there 's a special way you use when you deal with strangers unlike the way you use تتعامل deal with those you live with . so it will be different , of course but no i can talk with them but in a طبعا way
i mean if somebody that got مثلا مثلا me realized أن i have totally changed my way with one hundred eighty degree so when he sees me , he will هيقول أنت i am not used to speaking this way دى
definitely , yes when i اتكلم مع واحدة person فالموضوع this is the الطريقة how i can let them understand بيها view point.so it depends . i should n't have only one way to let للناس understand my بالطريقة .
هبدأ هضحك start with the الغريب thing but i will laugh في the weird one at the الآخر
it 's good for me a little شويه . it 's not about بحب جرئ قلبي but rather about .. على being لسانى طول as i say what i think at once as i do n't بعيد think about it or repeat those words
so .. definitely , i am trying to do my best avoid this disadvantages this as much as يعنى can
لكن اه , i am very honest و i usually like meeting my friends
i usually like checking on people even those مابيسألوش do n't care
i love checking on everyone
i really احب .. helping people
it makes me internally pleased , it may be nonsense فرحة i may not believe this but this is the truth .
what i usually say is that i أه a little bit honest
being honest is not .. not بتعيب حاجة to حد one in front of me.i يعني if عاوز did something wrong with me و أنى wanted to انتقده، صراحة him , i wo n't speak with him bluntly but it 's totally بالعكس بالعكس مثلا i will ببدأ speaking a واحدة by step with him
if i do n't care about this person , it will not care .
something that 's weird , that i am very silly
أه actually , i mean my bachelor in particular
my doctor
once انت took such a start , عليه made me feel that كده should n't do this at all as it 's very trivial
so أول أتفه said that it 's trivial , i became in the mood
لكن أه , it 's because of the courses that عندنا have في university و because of the doctors أو tas at الجامعة , you are forced to act بالطريقة، بالطريقة، way , to go بتدوس in this path
yes , i can live without a mobile
actually , the mobile is not a great جزء of my حياتى because انا made myself busy doing other بحاجات , for example , as i said i usually بقرأ تانية، as for my reading , انا love the .. do n't love the خالص copies
i train how to talk with people more
as for the mobile part , if i want to contact with somebody who انا عاوز far from me that i ca n't reach him اوصله، مش ca n't meet him , i wo n't be able to speak معاه him this way that he was away or even if there 's an emergency and he can not come then he did his best to come
موقف situation for example , or a specific idea , or what ?
to make اقنعك persuaded of بيها؟ بيها؟
if you have a shower with cold water everyday , will you lose ساقعة .
the idea that you take a shower with cold water may make you crazy يعني، as بيدخل will take بمية cold shower but you will take a بمية shower تلج، okay ?
a step by step at أولا except that you feel as if you are نزلت off from a plane or you went skydiving , it 's really hard as you can not breathe , you .. .. تستوعب can not understand بتقعد
you feel that it 's easy لأ two or three حاجة and everything is سهل مثلا although the situation صعب difficult for example , you will jump from طيارة، plane طيارة، as you will make something great so you will feel great
in this فبالطريقة , no , أعمل feel that it 's normal أقدر that you can do anything like doing أعوم , اجري , swimming or doing anything , your الادرينالين will make you gain an خبرة .. you will إحساس رائع كده that أى can do anything
how تخس؟ lose wait ? as you will walk a lot and think and of course , you wo n't هتاكل
جرب this
you 're most welcome
okay , i اتولدت born in kuwait
i lived هناك for عشر years عشت
then i come to egypt to join university
i went كانت an international school
i used to be in an بالظبط i mean just before كنت joined university
once i am done with igs , i went to مصر بدري as soon as possible
i came هنا in 2010
و i have been living هنا on my own for nine years .
okay i thought that the أول year at university was really difficult
i مكنتش n't actually sure which department department i wanted to join .
joining the faculty of engineering was mostly right because أنا am ينفع only ولد for my parents so i ca n't be anything other than مهندس engineer or a doctor
but أن the الظروف and i am already the only boy فكان i فكان troubles dealing with people in عام .
i أنا sort of إنطوائي a little
i felt أن this is the most suitable field for me personally
. dealing with الكومبيوتر is a lot أسهل than dealing with البني أدمين being
actually , the social aspect in my life was صغيرة and the component كان very weak
فكان i was not able to deal with people so it أريح more comfortable with dealing with computers
so plus that i was good at it actually
i mean i remember when i افتكر in cs one , yes , i got b minus but but i بشرح to بشرح to others
فيمكن be the grades were n't fair due to the circumstances
but in cs two اعتقد think i got an a بسهولة يعني
okay فأعتقد i فأعتقد that my الدراسة كانت normalized normally like anybody else in my دفعتى
i think it 's all cs مشاريع , except maybe for يمكن bachelor project
my التخرج project was about 3d object recognition which was something fancy actually at that time خيالية
actually اينعم yes , now the situation becomes easy but at that time in two thousand and fifteen , the project was a little bit difficult for me
يعني , i spent فوق than two months and كل day , i spend from اتناشر to لستاشر ساعة in front of my laptop alone
so i believe actually that it is one من التجارب defining experiences in حياتي life
i felt that yes this is what hard الكفاح actually means
my المعتاد routine is أن i بحاول as much as i can that i انام seven hours as a block
i do n't my sleeping مابقطعش
ممكن may spend أقضي whole year انام three or four كاملة in total
مابحبش really hate taking a nap in the middle of the day خالص، i مصدع، up suffering from مصدع، . i do n't like this so i try as much as أقدر can يبقى sleep for واحدة، block for seven hours , that 's it
if نمت sleep الساعة بصحى o'clock , i get up at five o'clock .
if i sleep actually no sorry from eleven till five o'clock لخمسة six hours
لو نمت نمت at eleven o'clock , i get up at six o'clock .
لو i نمت at eleven o'clock , i get بصحى at five o'clock and so on يعني
but once i get up , obviously actually بصحى read a few مقالات . actually , once you get up , you are supposed to take a cold shower because this shock makes blood migrate into the inner organs rather than the outer organs .
so it sort of gives you like a awake up call , it alerts you .
because الأعضاء organs بتبقى entered a sort of دخلت في while you are asleep نائم
فأول once you take a cold shower تاخد water i يعني الدم flows للأعضاء the organs out actually بعيد from the skin cells
ف it actually بينفع
actually the cold الدش فعلا you جامد
but yes يعني and as soon as أخد take الدش الدش i just get my breakfast and come وأروح uni او work actually
للأسف i 'm not a very sportive person
so i watch tv series and this هو the الوحيدة thing i do in الأسبوع
بس بس it
actually netflix mainly
انقسام , the أخر فيلم i have watched was انقسام
i wanted كنت go and watch a movie زجاج زجاج
i حسيت that انا have شفت غير قابل للكسر although it was very old movie that i watched قديم ago
i really liked it
and obviously glass is based on unbreakable and split
i watched انقسام and it كان actually really شيق .
actually , the concept of multi-personality اضطراب is really really interesting .
actually لما i قعدت فيديوهات فيديوهات حتى discuss a topic a شويه bit fancy شويه
هو at one point , there was a woman that a man was asking her questions and she was replying having a certain attitude , tone and way بعد بعديها with a few minutes exactly , he asked her the same question و she answered بطريقة a مختلفة way and the content of the answer is totally مختلف
her tone of voice بتاعة totally different and the اللهجة sort ما even it becomes a little bit اختلفت as if she قلبت جنوبية i mean م southern الولايات although هي is not southern at all
actually , it 's a little bit مخيف .
ف but يعني it 's an interesting movie
very interesting
my favorite author or who i love reading for is khaled الحسينى اقراله الحسينى
the theme of khaled elhusseiny in general is just pain trauma which is painful drama actually which is the only thing that teaches human being honestly
هو كل بتاعته books are good هو maybe the book that influenced me قريتهمله most was and the mountains echoed .
اعتقد believe actually
it كان .. was a very gloomy book honestly
generally , the الكاتب is من an afghan background
he هو a لاجئ actually and left afghanistan and went to pakistan then migrate to the us .
so all his القصص are themed بتدور the اللاجئين and the war that started في afghanistan and so on .
as the فالقصة tackles a character that عايشة during the war and actually how did she stumble upon one عمالة to the other
و then how the war أثرت them مع this عايشة was from a very wealthy غنية
و أزاي she went انحدرت and lived in بسيط low state and it وحشة really bad يعني
but و and how did ازاي find i guess a الحب love
في , there should be the جزء of love and imaginary in order to make an entertaining story actually i guess
i guess it depends on the geographical state that we will هنكون in
actually لو i 'm not sure honestly as انا should موجود in مش مصر or هطلع
يعني أنا i 'm مستقر مستقر لسه
so it 's assuming to travel another country so i 'm فنفترض أعتقد أن any مدرسة will الحال
actually , there 's a standard of education and there 's not تفاوت great difference
most probably حد majority of schools are almost الشئ same thing
otherwise , if أنا am هنا في egypt , i guess since أنه there is a great diversity في schools such as the experimental , الدولي , national and the elite schools
it 's really very diverse and very difficult
it 's a very difficult choice
so i أعتقد ممكن personally انا i أختار يعني french schools for للبنات i guess
based on my شخصية experience , some of friends in my class are actually graduates of french and i felt that their التعليم level , their level of education is really حلو and very satisfying at least
so based on that based on my previous خبرتي and what i noticed from my friends , i أعتقد ان such schools will be most suited لولادي my لولادي , اعتقد اعتقد .
well طيب i 'm guessing or actually i 'm not بتهيألي that being a ta is not my dream job
معتقدش do n't believe that it 's anyone وظيفة dream شخص
i شخصيًا try to acquire a position in an r والتطوير d والتطوير
but the مشكلة is on the البحث and والتطوير position i mean that the r and d requires محتاج academia
and أنا do n't like المجال academia
but it 's a temporary state and وده مطلوب a requirement
so أنا أنا بحاول أعدي pass through this phase so that i can move on to an r والتطوير d for example it could be a corporate او it could be a research center institute .
it should n't be علاقة بالمجال بالمجال academia
and the internships أنا i attended as i have تدريب an internship before في an بترول company
i used to work with the network administrator
we used to بنحاول to set up sort من a network because they are كاميرات cams it should all log in on the للشبكة so the owner للشبكة the الشركة that lived in the us و he قاعد يتفرج log in to see what 's going in his الشركة through his ipad so it was ده
actually , i acquired a كبيرة of knowledge about الشبكات networks in general based on this project .
so this that was one interesting internship , honestly
يعني , this actually from the little التدريبات القليلة دي اضطريت forced بإيدي work on on my own and اتعامل deal مع ناس lot of people
unlike the usual time you spend في your room using اللاب laptop as you code your tasks بتبرمج send emails and that 's it
i do not think that أبقى want to be student anymore
i 'm actually i do n't enjoy academic to be honest
أنا 'm not .. مش do n't enjoy teaching teaching process
بالنسبة me this في just a مؤقتة phase with it as soon as possible and i 'm trying to get done
being ابقى student obviously would be something interesting if i 'm learning something interesting
actually لو اني أنا a phd position for something that i actually really like أنا 'd definitely be مهتم بحبها be a student once again actually
but for the time being i 'm looking for على job and such actually .. no أرجع would like أنا go back لسوق لسوق market now يعني .
i سافرت traveled to so many places , honestly
but أطول longest period of time i spent كانت in هولندا netherlands , i stayed there for قعدت year
i stayed في المانيا for four شهور
so i guess حاجة most remarkable مرة is انا i .. was فاكر المساحات greenery actually
actually , i really lack this here in القاهرة , honestly
i remember one day when one of my friends visited me and روحنا sat in front of rijksmuseum that هو الرمبرانت الرمبرانت متحف
اه هو the rijksmuseum and متحف rembrandt museum are close to each other
anyways actually حتة 's a greenery place و it 's like a patch sort of تل
بس it 's a made-up hill يعني
so we stayed there
we stayed for ساعات or four hours
the weather was really good
i أعتقد that that day كان the أكتر remarkable day for me in the كلها year actually
i made friends but not at work
صعب 's very difficult making friends في work
أنا actually فعلا more friends from the course of deutsch that i used to باخدها
so that شيق فده interesting
i أنا still in تواصل with some of them , not all of them طبعا
but i do n't think that i make other friends
اه هم were but they كانوا with me at the الهولندي دورة
on the top of my mind دلوقتي now actually i would love to go to japan , honestly
to me ده it 's a very interesting place
actually , i اعتقد اني would love to go to أروح اليابان anytime soon يعني
that next to switzerland as well
actually , اني 've always looked forward to visiting أزور سويسرا
but definitely the price سعر of each trip فدي no matter how little كان is , فيها becomes bigger honestly so it 's something to تفكر twice يعني actually
it بتعتمد on the scholarship نفسها
it depends على the position المعروض 's offered actually and المنحة المنحة that 's an offer as well
i am guessing obviously a دراسية is something nice to have and a position يطمح obviously something to seek for whether or not this is something مناسبة to me right now that it 's a very difficult قرار actually and that 's it
i كان there were a lot of turning points
but أعتقد أعتقد يمكن the first six شهور بعد work كانت the turning نقطة في my حياتي هو i خلاص that i 'm no longer a child يعني
يعتي , i أنا an adult ومسؤول i 'm responsible for myself
and it 's .. بتاع stress at work كان really violent في that time of my life in particular فحاسيت i felt أن فحاسيت تمام actually this is اختيار difficult اختيار to تعمله
that are you happy ?
if so أنت you i mean is there something you can do to make you more happy او less حزين أوي؟
ف i believe that 's واحدة of the turning التحول
okay i , as a كطالب , i بفضل prefer working individually not in group مشاريع
but now ان i worked i أعتقد that it became different
and i really appreciate the العمل الجماعي
however دايما would always prefer that the task given to اعملها is not a task that i need to do for محتاج حد
actually , assuming that there في pools of كتيرة so assign to تديني tasks as many tasks as you عايز and i اسلمها those tasks to you so as هو can continue working on the tasks or يحطها adds this to another تانية
he and i نشتغل not be working on the same task
actually assuming أن if there are a presentation or a report that need to be made , أنا can be اخد for the عرض and هو will be responsible for the report or vice versa
it 's not necessary to work on the presentation together or to نعمل on the report together
i feel that 's counter-productive actually
في are but outside university
اعتقد اعتقد that my personal الشخصي الشخصي right now هو إيلون musk
he بيصحى that kind of person who wakes up at اربعة am actually
because he is the one who سبيس space إكس
he اللي the one who made paypal
he is the one who made tesla
so so .. yes this is definitely something i look up to يعني
i اعتقد you can never actually target the .. or actually tackle the idea of liking someone or حب someone no matter how good you are as a person إما be .. actually you 'll always be criticized بشكل a way
so if we will حنتكلم عن the personal sorry أسف professional perspective and career-wise i believe i 'd rather be أفضل than liked
yes أن being loved among your colleagues at work is obviously something that you would love to find and something that you تحب seek but it 's impossible
you هيبقى never هيبقى loved by all your colleagues at work
it 's almost impossible
ف i 'd rather be liked , honestly
get things done faster
i believe ان لأ i 'm not an approachable person at all
actually i 'm not an سهل شخص to التعامل with at all
بس at الشغل actually as long طالما احنا احنا في الشغل yes it 's simple and easy
but as for the personal level لأ , i take a lot of time to come on to لشخص and just يعني أبقى natural with them actually
ما there are always a lot of طبقات before dealing with a normal شخص as كإنه 's somebody اوي have known since ages
indecisiveness
i hate indecisive people
i عارف n't يعني for example the المفهوم of اجتماع a meeting no so let فتعالوا all decide no احنا ممكن نعمل a او أو we can say that نعمل will do b or it could يبقى ج , which is okay this is not going to work
so it 's okay as كل these الاختيارات are on the table but we need to make a decision
that لو أنت are indifferent and passive to everything i mean يعني we might not have this meeting
actually , i feel that it 's pointless
but not في university
i 'm sure that i 've done this once or twice within an interview which i think is allowed , i mean , in an interview .
but i do n't do this inside the فصل
يعني once لما one من one of the students asks يسألني لو i do n't i mean if something .. i mean if somebody asks me whether i know this or not , i tell him .
no و when i في .. no أيام the evaluation yes when i was a student yes when i was having evaluations definitely
yes i definitely
exactly actually
أعمل definitely had to do كدا
but now , as a teacher , no , i definitely do n't do that
actually لما somebody حاجة whether i know this or not , i عارف no and لأ ask him to send me an email then i will هرد بالإجابة with the answers as soon as possible .
i guess في the evaluations i remember in particular actually when there were many situations , it definitely did ساعدني me بجد
actually it means that أنا i spoke about اللي المشروع and how much effort ايه exert and what to-do-list i prepare عارف this class and the other class and i guess that نجح نجح eventually actually
مش مش of it but it did حصل honestly yes .
no because the majority of people that i بتعامل with بشكل يومي basis are not there around me
actually my parents live outside egypt so i will never فأنا أتواصل to communicate with مصر if مش do n't have a mobile
it 's almost حقيقي actually
أعتقد think that one of the أهم important الحاجات that people بتفوتها or do n't care about is sleeping seven hours
actually , this is that you مش no بتقول how الأبحاث research shows actually actually very very important for a human being
أقدر mean as much as that people بتبطل growing after twenty-five and that you are already بعد twenty-five it 's a countdown ليك you to die basically
but sleeping seven hours is .. هو مهم vital
actually research shows ان النوم أقل than seven ساعات will actually actually i mean .. will actually most probably lead to زيادة القلب beat so فضغط blood pressure will هيرتفع , عندك 'll be susceptible to the slightest things happening at work يعني , فتبقي you بتحصل be passive-aggressive , you بتزيد be overweight بسهولة
definitely , أنا 'm not exactly متأكد what i am not متأكد من casualty and effect in كل , actually how each one happens , but actually i 'm sure that i 've read a research that shows that all of this happens if you sleep less than سبع ساعات
so اوي feel that one من the underrated things is that حد sleeps less than seven hours
i 'm متأكد ان you مش n't عاوزه to lose weight at one point and you do n't want to suffer from high blood الدم at any point in time soon
so if you want to تتجنب الحاجتين two things you عايز بالتأكيد need exactly or more than seven hours .. actually أكتر sleep less than سبع hours مرة a block actually .
actually , i was born here في cairo هنا in egypt
i used to be at قومية national مدارس and all of them are arabic before university
then الجي joined يو سي , وبعد when i was graduated من guc , i became a ta
كنت was at university , then i worked as a ta at the نفس university where أنا used to study till دلوقتي
i started to be .. interested in my .. my major starting from الفصل الدراسي 3 at الجامعة , at the beginning totally against it , أنا did n't want to go for this major at all
starting من semester الترم , i حاسيت ان i am more interested rather than the other التخصصات
و starting من semester three أنا قررت ان i will continue in this major until i graduate , شاء willing
my bachelor project is about بتاعي اسمها semantic web
most of the search engines there were .. were working on في .. their .. their المنطق based on the اللغوي الجزء that the user enter regardless of its meaning and what he means by this
we used to try to make a دلالي search engine that reasons or understands the user that بيكتب a مصطلح in the .. the search محرك and what he means by that trying يطلعله show the أفضل results المناسبة can fit the .. the المصطلح او the query that المستخدم user مدخلها
i do nothing except for getting up افطر،البس having breakfast and اني dressed
so basically الأجازة الأسبوعية is just للراحة resting and للراحة وال the .. the extra thing that can be done is to زيارة my .. family , relatives and so on , that 's بس
my hobbies are mostly reading and ال .. the .. the computer games , if i ينفع call it a hobby هواية، that 's it
maybe i كتب a lot of قريتها and all كلها كلها are good
most of them were روايات بصراحة they are not .. مش .. not علمية books or something
a رواية entitled الصباح and evening talk by naguib mahfouz was one of عجبتني favorites , و when i watched the .. dramatic adaptation as it اتعمل adapted into a series or something and it كان adapted in a معمول well presentation
there was the prisoner of زندا , it was also very well .
and actually , هي second part that most الناس do n't know that ليها has a second الجزء that كان entitled rupert of hentzau
it was the second part . the prisoner of زندا
those what i can still اللي for now
those what i really liked the most
i مش بتفرج watched movies in a long time , يعني the movies that اتفرجت اتفرجت that were very impactful on me were troy and اغلب of هاري potter series when i used to بشوفها them when i was صغير
titanic when i watched it for the first time .
at that time the .. ال directing of the movie was very persuasive of its exact message . حتي if this ده opposite عكس what you are persuaded of , he can يوجهك you للفكرة the idea that he قادر يوجهك say exactly and who you sympathize with , ماتتععطفيش you do n't sympathize مع , who you love مين، who تحبي hate , you see the movie in his own eyes exactly like ما he wants actually
those what i can remember now
مش do n't remember anything كده actually
yes
i still do n't have children دلوقتي in general i did n't .. did n't think of a معينة school
it 's not about being an international or a national school but it 's based on the school نفسها and the .. ال .. the environment over all that the .. that the أبنها will be there one day
it 's not necessarily شرط a قومية school is bad او that the international school is very good , no it حسب on the المدرسة itself
ليها has .. actually has معايير standards that one will think of at that time i يعني يتأكد make sure that there 's a healthy environment around him
and students like him should عند معينة معايير as المعايير standards i want my child to learn from school
as for the languages , هو should have the.the .. التانية secondary اللغة بناء علي the المدرسة no matter is it english , french or deutsch ألماني، no problem
بس what i am really interested in is ما .. he did n't abandon his mother tongue اللي is arabic , no he يبقي know arabic well و he should speak arabic ويتناقش discuss everything in arabic but still he has a secondary language that 's very strong that will help him علميًا or anything related بسوق the job market or كده
in البرمجيات software تطوير
no ال .. the working المهنية is better for me by far
i do n't .. do n't .. do n't want to be as a كطالب anymore ولا to have ال .. the .. the بتاع of attending lectures and solving assignments and .. and exams and midterms and things like that i do n't .. do خالص to go back to this ever
even the time when i was working on the masters here when i was a kind of شبه student was not .. مش .. not a good time at all actually .
all the activities that are a kind من student activities when it comes to القراءات and getting papers to find out something and things like that was really bad for me ومش i do n't like to go back to this kind of activities again .
definitely , if it 's based on routine , it could be long term مملة boring daily روتين .. بس if you enjoy it , هيقلل will reduce المدى chances of تكون bored من what you do throughout the day especially that أنت 's like teaching .
انت for teaching , each التدريس انت بتاعك meet new people بتتفاعل interact with them differently according to ليهم different mentalities that you محتاج to address all of these mentalities مختلفة in order to deliver your message or to deliver your المحتوى بطريقة a good way to these students
فأنا علي least i really love teaching and أنا feel ان it 's a kind of challenge , first of all whatever the level of students in front of you , you لازم توصلهم what أنت want to say بأي whatever way as you should find a way through which they can توصل كلامك you say as well as المحتوى content that you need to deliver to ليهم بكفاءة and in an بكفاءة way اللي that they يفهمك you regardless it 's technically good or , it مش not technically good
فالنوع فالنوع kind of challenge بي .. satisfies me honestly
ان i % b .. try to overcome على in a way or كده
socially , you pass by so many people of different mentalities , from مختلفة، environments , from different levels فشايفها i see كويسة 's good
by الوقت although اصلا did n't like ال .. the .. .. the .. the student حياة يو the guc is راحة comfort zone for بالنسبالي
فبالتالي بيفرق i do n't mind at all to موجود here even if there 's a routine-based جزء
once when i was in the eighth semester , i was in an internship at the برمجيات development company
as for our .. our .. our normal life , we were divided متقسمين teams there
each team was مسؤول for a part of a المنتج that they made with .. with different teams that were there
i كنت in the team of the التطوير there and we used to practice on the developing .. developing البرمجيات with language c++
it was .. was a very good experience بالنسبالي me , i could feel how people were working في the software development and it was actually one of my preferable parts for me although i became a ta after that but i was very pleased with
and if i جاتلي the chance later on , god willing , ا .. اغير اغير my career to something related to software development i .. i would n't mind at all ..
no
last time i went to north الساحل last summer
it مجرد only leisure time actually
الواحد can go there , wake up , go to the .. the beach , then come back and eat , ياكل، and وهكذا، on , nothing more
this is ممكن for الكلام people but it 's marsa matrouh
the .. the .. the environment there was really جدا , the البحر was really جدا و calm and جميل and the landscapes that look naturally were طبيعية in addition to so many places that you can تتزار such as museums and so on
in general , الجو الجو there أنا better than that in other مكان that i visited
and .. and i have no problem to مانع أروحه once , twice و thrice
the first turning حاجة was in الفصل three when i decided أن continue in the major cs
because before this % b .. % b .. ال .. the decisions for me were far away from cs , it was electronics or mechatronics for example or something
as the turning نقطة ان the الدورة of cs3 هي that was the turning point for بالنسبالي
because i حسيت that أنا really enjoy this .. this and i really excel things like computer ومعلومات و at the same time things مرتبطة to the other major like circuits و things like that أنا أنا .. أنا did miserably in these courses يعني
so a huge turning نقطة was ان i choose a major and ورحت for another major at all
نفس same happens before i joined university
at the الأول i was about to join another جامعة تانية، by mere هو one of أنا صاحبي told me about the سي
and i had .. had an impression about the guc because it 's guc but المكان other المكان that i was about to go required a specific language
because that was the language there and i do n't know this اللغة
but بس knew from منه that the .. the الجامعة does n't require having a specific language so i can join it anyways
so by chance , i went there and ودخلت الاختبار test and i passed the test
then i joined guc
it was swingy at all actually
تقريبا تقريبا at خالص
actually i have like a نوع of standards and kind of a goal that i try to pursue in my own بطريقتي regardless of how تاني people did it كده
no i انا would say that i am very very easy person to بتعامل with
on the contrary , i 'm بقدر very considering person as i try to understand the person in front of me وأتعامل know how he speaks and وأتعامل معاه معاه in بنفس same way that he uses to interact with me
هو أه i بحس that أني need to change the way أغير deal with people عموما عموما بس i do n't feel that it حاجة difficult
on the contrary , i feel that it 's part of the اجتماعي اجتماعي actually
و this is a skill as far as i think الناس should have this skill in particular especially ان لو you interact with مختلفة مستويات of people
و i have to deal مع كل of these students in بطريقة good way
it 's not necessary to يبقى in a specific level انا i prefer أفضل المستوى and if somebody is away من this level , i do n't deal with him in a good way كويس
on the contrary i do n't feel that 's difficult
yes , it 's important to change أشخاص way how he بيتاعمل with different persons و different شخصيات and so on but i do n't feel حاسسها 's صعبة actually
no i prefer to أكون respected rather than liked
i am not interested to ابقى liked or not liked but rather respected because respect comes قبل الحب
you may love somebody very much بس by the end he wo n't respect him
he sees him .. loves him because he does something that he likes but الصورة الكاملة الصورة i see is that he is not a respectful person
the .. the الاحترام can be تيجي even if the الشخص does n't like you , or he does n't accept you because of something else but overall to gain his respect is not easy at all rather than to be محبوب
maybe تبقى are liked بحاجات illegal reasons
ممكن تبقى be liked بحاجات inappropriate reasons
that you do something that he sees it as a حاجة thing في all as he sees that he does not gain احترامه respect
ان to gain a respect of someone is more important than أكون be liked
yes , it could be but i do مسدود make it as a مسدود end
if there 's a chance هو i will مش , if not , هحاول wo n't try to أتعامل with him تاني
but the .. the .. the stubborn الشخص هو the one who sticks to a certain viewpoint and he shapes everything around
so dealing with these kind من people is صعب جدا difficult and no matter how مهما حاولتي حاولتي once , twice or thrice , most probably you do n't reach anything
but at some معينة i am بحاول not to close the door
لأ there 's at least a فرصة as we can make an extra trial with him maybe يبقى will start being more flexible actually
عمري have .. have never done this at خالص
بالعكس بالعكس contrary , في of من مقابلة that i attended and i بروح everything very very very صريح جدا أقولهم i told them that أنا really did n't know that topic and أنا i can not answer this الكلام
رغم people advise me to avoid هيبان that you do n't understand ان i would prefer أتكلم speak about something that i do understand rather than أتكلم أحاول في answer saying اقعد just to try .. أن impress them with something that they do n't even know so he فيقول say this .. this .. this is good and مايعرفهاش pass it but لأ do n't .. ما n't do that
طيب what was the reaction of the الشخص in front of you اللي interviewer ? what was his رد ? or what did ايه tell فعله؟ ? did he remain silent did you remain silent ?
it happened twice , once he did n't انطباع any انطباع at all , as for the second time he was surprised أن i said so .
he was surprised because i .. ان said that أنا did n't know and that the one who had an interview said that أنا did n't know الموضوع topic
بس by the بالمناسبة in .. in both المقاباتين i في accepted
but i got accepted and that they did n't reject me because i said that i did n't فاهم that topic
يعني الصراحة أشك i doubt
unfortunately ان i can feel this unfortunately متعلق ال .. our .. our lifestyle بالموبايل based on the mobile and internet mainly
so the فالموبايل means to have انترنت everywhere
you have your mobile كل حتة
you can do a جدا بيعمل your internet as you can check the news and social media through it and so on
فالواحد can feel that لما the internet connection يكون weak , او when there 's no internet at all خالص i feel that i stay in .. in .. في .. in أسود black ثقب that i can not interact with الناس around me or i do n't know what 's happening
this is not مش but as far i think most of the الحياة دلوقتي of people now is like كده
actually no لأ، أقدر can أقول that i can not live without internet or موبايل
أنا would أقول that you do n't .. ماتعملش ماتعملش حاجة do anything if your major is computer science , do n't do any بحث لو you do n't عايز to continue in a research track
as for the المجال of computer science , most of ال .. .. the job العمل do n't appreciate whatever in a research track especially if it 's not عملية، , it wo n't benefit them at work
if you are about to تشتغل في the software development company part one , two or three , they will حيبص your skills هو have to do في the job duties
what will they be able أخد take from you at شغلي؟ ?
but if you هتقولي ان you worked on ماجستير في a certain المجال and you prepared a paper to attend a conference and that you applied في a journal and that was a .. a .. a .. a .. very impactful صحيفة and so on
it 's okay with all of this and then , what will you do في work ?
so if you decided at the الأول that you تسعى to تكمل the academic career , i أقول rather say do not try to تكمل this field at all
ولا حتي you تحاول to تقول that you تحاول complete masters و then اروح
most probably you will complete الماجستير for لنفسك own sake
but if you target target the job market من day one anything that would lead you to the job market even لو it 's a very small start-up or anything that will offer you an experience و to .. to .. to .. ت .. to .. to تقوي your cv regarding what you especially are pursuing in the field of computer science
but if you feel that you انت an academic person and that you want to continue المسار academic الأكاديمي then you 'll be a ta then a دكتور then a أستاذ and so on كله، no you have to go this way و you know what you need in order to تكمل in this الطريق بنجاح actually
إتولدت was born in cairo anyways
first , i live في gesr el suez بعد i moved into elrehab then i moved into nasr مدينة then i went back رجعت elrehab
i went to two .. تلات schools as well
when i كي in the kg , i كنت في ..
when i was in the kg مدرسة، i went في a school and i moved to another school in the primary stage then i moved to a third school in the preparatory and secondary stages
all of them كانوا قومية but english schools actually
بس after كده i جيت الجامعة هنا
أول of all , i داخل الجامعة so as أساس go أخش mechatronics or انتاج، , okay ?
and then في first i كنت a little bit hesitated whether i would go أخش الكترونيكس or networks but كنت joined mechatronics as well
but after i دخلت mechatronics , i discovered that i am good أشطر the subjects that related to .. cs actually
اللي is cs أو .. or .. or any أي مواد علاقة to electricity
يعني for the .. the mechanical subjects that i used to .. to pass بس i هو c minus or c
so i فقررت that انا يعني no i will try هاحاول on my own about this so i said لو i سي أس , what would عادي
i فكان about to be in semester four so anyways i should repeat four subjects and so on
but when i was at the end of الفصل semester , i اكتشفت that no i should be careful while making this decision so as not to regret it later on فحولت i فحولت فحولت تي
i thought that i was only one department until they told فاكرها لأ there are departments في dmet و cs
why did i go for dmet ليه؟
i ca ماكدبش remember to be honest with you
i أنا can not فعلا why i went for dmet instead of cs
بس actually i did n't regret يعني this decision
no , i do n't usually regret
okay حاليا actually .. actually تلات تقريبا my time to three حاجات
it 's university or bachelor a , training and the third is something إسمها هايبرلوب
at cairo university that i have just joined recently
most probably my day is divided للتلات these three أو it 's for only one of منهم
i mean for مثلا i get up لأ i بصحى بصحى now whenever i want at 12 pm مثلا example
but i either go to university or stay at home to بقعد on the التخرج and at night i go في the training three times a week
now on friday i go and exercise الأمريكية football almost every friday as i watch matches or if i do n't go there يا i hang بتفرج with my friends anyways
okay not really actually
يعني , there 's no exercise but this the most that ..
يعني إن i بروح to the training , even when i stay at أكتر i go and search .. .. search to learn more about this topic by watching videos and reading about the rules و that 's it
okay first of all , مشروع bachelor
هو started that i .. i am supposed to بعمل something called tracking objects using something called كاميرا camera
stereo camera is an ordinary camera but they .. they are actually two cameras تمام؟ ?
يعني it بتستخدم being used instead now لو we use a معينة camera okay to نعرف the distance between the camera و the other thing , if كاميرا 's only واحدة camera it will ينفع but with .. with estimation
actually for example if you know that .. this person 's average density is so and he can يبقى his weight so هو will estimate the distance between الكاميرا camera and the other كده
but if we have كاميرا كاميرا كاميرا and in certain طرق نقدر نقدر use it نحدد estimate المسافة distance between the camera and the specific two جسمين this بالطريقة , okay ?
بإن بإن using two cameras so it 's related في رياضة and so on but كده did n't go into it
but i totally changed it قلبته it becomes خالص خالص
at first i was trying to .. to detect the object in general and to find out how i can know that 's only one جسم so that أنا أقدر أقدر this المنطقة that this particular object has nothing to do with باللي surroundings
فادخلت i went for deep learning and الكمبيوتر vision and so on i am still reading in فالموضوع topic
hyperloop is totally different it 's ..
لو you know إيلون musk ?
okay actually if you know elon musk and if you know space x or tesla ?
okay he is the owner of الشركتين الشركتين دول , he is the بتاع of those two companies
then هو made something called hyperloop
such hyperloop is like a transportation طريقة as it looks like a closed tube and it has low pressure like the vacuum and the pods بيمشي through فيها to بتنقل الناس from one مكان to another
it 's like a train but without wheels يعني as it is ماشي on ماشي called air cushion actually the air is بيزق it downwards لتحت that there will be a distance between it and the الأرض هو it moves بسرعات very high speeds because there 's no drag قوة تقريبا لإن because the pressure is 0.1 percent from the atmospheric pressure
فبيمشي it فبيمشي with very high speed and with low cost because the tube هي placed above فوقيها شمسية panels so it powers itself in general
so .. and the user of الموتور motor that they use is the same هو the motor that is in تسلا which هو an electric motor .. motor so there 's no fuel consumption .
the important part is that they made a competition for students to let them .. them يشاركوا as they should build pod but a little bit smaller و .. we بنسافر بنبني perform actually حجرات pod that is performed in .. in america في a معينة place that we still do n't know
and بنحاول are بنحاول actually they are trying to see أحسن أحسن one who created الفرامل breaking system and أحسن best one to maintain safety and so on and even بيقيموا evaluate لسه according to كذا aspects so we are بقى making a team and so on
no
لأ
i do love movies .
my most favorite movie هو dark knight rises
هو يعني عن باتمان of course all الناس know it
should اقولك اقولك the أحداث of the الفيلم ?
a brief story is that that batman was بقاله there for a long time at .. at generally actually for reason that was in the previous movie و .. and but he was إضطر to come back because there 's somebody actually was about to come يعني هو wanted to .. to turn the whole city where he stayed upside down
that 's it and هزمه هزمه him at the end و there كان في war
it was a very good movie
honestly و i still do n't .. مش n't care about the job but أوي do care about المكان place
actually هي i wanted to go to a بلد .. some countries where i نفسي to أعيش so whoever will أعيش with me should understand me ?
unfortunately , لأ
honestly , each مريحة its مريحة حاجات حاجات يعني at university , بيبقى was free sometimes but this is not the case with working definitely
i would work to هبقى independent and this is the حاجة point that i am looking حاجة to
i have سافرت twice
okay first i traveled to السويد الفين تلاتاشر في two الفين and thirteen
i was playing handball مع my team
و stayed there for two weeks
the best was the .. the البطولة where we participated and we found many people there because they liked the handball actually هو can ينزل and يتفرج the كرة in the إستاد و so on
so the championship was an important حدث in the city there
so the first thing is the great تنوع يعني there were فرق from كل countries in the world as all of كلهم were almost in that place . in addition to this , people who were عايشة there attended the بتنزل and أخره كبير عدد was و .. and the opening celebration for example the stadium was totally full not with not only الفرق teams but من people .. people who عايشة عايشة there
الموضوع was like .. a festival في the streets all the الوقت as there في a lot of people who were .. كده living there
second i have been to saudi arabia for عادي
i which أنا can أعيش يعني
first canada أو استراليا
canada أو استراليا in the first حاجة . canadians عشان n't ما .. racism as they have عنصرية أخلاق so they will welcome حد
actually people there i do n't feel that .. that i am not welcomed there and i can feel that i am a stranger
in addition to this , there are إن عرب there في every يعني
in australia .. استراليا .. الحياة سهلة a little bit easy
يعني working دي is not that difficult for them
عندهم minimum الأدنى الحد عالي
actually even if i .. i go روحت استراليا for example ماعنديش have no problem with working anything that does n't relate في my major
i could work as bus driver i have no problem with that
it 's important to have an experience to live abroad in a country كده كده
no i هو حسيت إن i do n't want to .. to continue in a field that i am not sure about and that happened when i was in mechatronics actually
i did n't want to regret إن this decision after graduation then i would say that i should or .. أو that i meet مثلا to tell me اخش دخلت mechatronics and i would say no as i .. joined mechatronics but i wish i could joined another department
no .. no i did n't like to go for .. في يعني even if .. even if i changed the major and then graduated , i would n't like this . if i had remained in mechatronics , ماكنتش would n't have known that it was a mistake
فعادي 's okay ماعنديش have no problem with يعني i do n't regret anything like that
honestly , the experience with the team was n't that good .. no but in some حالات the team .. was good in general . لأ me , أوي مش no فارقة بالنسبالي both options honestly because in both الحالتين أنا كده would ببقى on الجزء individually
as well i have no problem to help حد أنا even if it 's not my part actually يعني
i have no problem
yes elon ماسك
that he will change كل now like the global warming that .. موجودة like that are المخاطر for ال .. البيئة in عامة the global warming is like the .. how i can call it ?
in general it .. it .. is related to .. بالحفريات fossil the burning of fossil بالحفريات الوقود actually هو it .. it كانت the most important part in his life
يعني he .. .. dedicated .. .. his life for this and in general he is a very successful person
i wish إن could be أوصله him في day
of course to be liked is better
no no i am a very easy person و it 's عادي i have no problem actually مابضايقش 's not annoying to talk with people
yes.sometimes i بتعامل with them ..
يعني maybe ال .. somehow i stereotype this as لو i لاقيت the الشخص in شوية of me is from .. من a certain type that i got used to deal with , i will deal معاه كده قبل to this concept even if معاه is not مثلا that , it means that i still do n't know him but i am just بفترض يعني
the best quality that i see about myself إن that i do n't get annoyed .. annoyed with عملي at all no matter what they did to عملي
في university yes بعمل بعمل do this
no actually sometimes maybe for example i أبقى في a debate with somebody و .. any من my ساعات okay and i my feel أنا أنا هو what i am going to say will be understood so ففتي will say nonsense and i know that i am saying بفتي عادي
and i can tell him بعد that أن i was saying nonsense actually
no they believe
لمدة a معينة period of time or in general عامة؟
it depends . لو i do n't ماعيش a mobile and the كله world is the same like me هو؟
yes , اه , no , it أنا okay i am talking about the .. the phone calls يعني
no actually لأ لأ .. for me the phone calls are very مهمة to me actually but i do n't care about قشطة other قشطة
what should i tell أقولك and how should أبتدي start ?
if you are pleased here , no you should stay تقعد
so i ممكن .. actually انا have n't been there مثلا but أنا can go somewhere and i do n't enjoy مانبسطتش and أحس feel أن dealing مع الناس is difficult for example أو something , here بتعامل deal مع people more easily so i can go عادي it 's أسهل
i do n't think شايف انت should do this حاجة .
i am originally من alexandria and i stayed هناك until i كان four years old
at first , i was in a français pre-school but لما we moved into alexandria .. when جينا moved from cairo . my mother does n't know français but papy does but he started a new job and so on and it was a start up and so on that he could n't have time to follow up with me so i had to go to تكون english school
و went في a national school and that 's بس
when i joined university في the very beginning , once i joined university i مختارة major materials and .. but later on because it 's بشكل ما related بشغل my بابا 's work و so on but بعد i changed my رأيي
i found this in .. in .. في .. in with many people and i saw their الشغل related بتاع mechatronics and so كده
واحد very close friend of mine was .. كان in mechatronics and .. and he يعني me to join حاجات field and i liked what he said to me so that 's why i دخلت for it
تمام
my bachelor project is actually somehow related to بالمجال optical field
it 's prepared in .. in the lab of بصريات
and after that actually it 's the introduction of the research .. actually هو medical بحث
we will use it later on after .. after that the results are supposed to be out so that it can be used in the medical research for .. for the sensors actually
ب .. it could be used بعد on as anyone can detect the weight of the weight بتاع cells cancer الخلايا for مثلا، , الوزن weight any kind of bacteria that its الكتلة جدا very small فصعب it 's difficult for anyone to detect it actually with the .. the العادى balance
okay my daily routine is that i start by doing something that nobody does in egypt يعنى
for example , كل people تقعد telling تقولي that they drink nescafe or coffee and so on but for me i do n't drink any of these , and not حتى tea or anything like that
actually بصحى i wake الصبح أشرب can drink milk like الأطفال ممكن like when i was in حضانة pre-school .. and i still drink الميكس mix chocolate milk
مثلا example , لو i get up too early because my brother 's school is near أخويا my university , sometimes i drive him جنب الجامعة بعد that i go to الجامعة and it 's still vacant that i can park my car easily في the parking area as i park my car on the first row of the parking الجراج which is really good because in الظهر الظهر i can easily find my car at once
that 's بس and now i بقي to the مشروع because this is my bachelor
and يعني for example i run my experiments or something , لو مثلا do n't do this , مثلا نكتب write تقارير reports or حاجة
and after that we all started to feel جوع so we all leave the lab و go out to eat and have fun for some time then نتسرمح come back and keep fighting ال .. to choose شغله is يرجع to continue working in the set up و كده on
that 's it .. and we are supposed to leave the lab at four o'clock and this never كله .. يعني maybe if خلصنا finish our tasks بدري , we can leave early and this what we like the most actually
and لو ماخلصناش ماخلصناش n't done , i should بقي working the whole day till the night comes actually مرة i قعدت there till الساعة pm
ف that 's it and on the midday لو خلصنا بقي early , i go and pick my المدرسة up و نرجع home
if i ماخلصتش n't finish early actually , i have intentions like anyone to lose weight and to اروح to the gym and أبقي be super fit and so on , i was بحاول for بحاول long time but i really بحب الأكل very يعني
generally الهوايات hobbies do .. do n't relate to my weekend plans or something no actually i can get up early in the morning and for example if i will not go مثلا , i can go to swim in the piscine of the النادى
و it 's عادى if i am stressed or something , أجري ممكن run on the track actually
my hobbies are all about القراية in عامة اصلا i love reading very much but it 's not restricted to the weekend or something
no the majority of my readings بال in .. بالعربي، arabic , actually i really بحب history and in general this seems weird to حد for example i chose تخصص engineering or something but i love history very much since i was صغيرة actually
i have no .. حاجات examples of my المفضلة كتاب يعني أنا have two favorites one like youssef zidan as أنا almost read all his novels and i just brought his new الروايات from معرض book fair but i have n't started reading فيها yet
i used to read the .. the genius بقرا umar i used بقرأ read العبقريات العبقريات of بقرأ العبقريات when i was young
i really like his style of الكتابة because it 's not easily understood من the first time you read and you love يفهمها، read يفهمها، as you love to read it more than once حتى في .. في style كتابة اللغة is .. unique ..
بالإنجليزي english % ma .. there was once something something that was also somehow مرتبطة to history , اسمها the manuscript found in accra
هي read قريتها as well and it was really good خصوصة because it 's كانت لباولو paulo لباولو كويلو
definitely i قريتله الخيميائي alchemist by باولو coelho but i read it in arabic لإن i had the same topic in the arabic project in .. in the secondary stage احنا كنا were supposed to read the story and .. and analyze it and then summarize it , and that 's it .. and .. that 's it
هو mainly want to travel
i want to اروح to اروح ألمانيا
actually first of all i عايزة to complete .. wanted to اعمل my masters
actually انا wish انا wo n't be late actually once i أخلص university .. يعني i am اخلص with الخمس five years of university اروح i will complete my masters at once but .. اي plans after that .. اه الماجستير masters that i am interested in should be related to cars
but actually after that who do n't wish to .. , work at mercedes بنز or bmw or anything like that ?
بس actually .. actually still .. .. definitely when i will start something مرتبط مرتبط to .. بالمجال this بالمجال and i find it مثلا في ماجستير ممكن i will start to search for more حاجات that i was not focusing on so at that ساعتها i فممكن have something very specific that ده .. this .. this is the dream job actually
the first تدريب that i attended كانت after semester four
i روحت to .. to the lab which was كيميائي chemical and analytical lab
ماكنش was مرتبط مرتبط that much with my field بتاعى i am having a .. a study about it
but انا كنت .. actually i عن it طريق one of my relatives
at that time .. i كان somehow broken ساعتها because .. i عملت n't do جدا in semester four at الجامعة so i wanted to feel that i am .. am good at something and that i انجح in فيها in ممكن to .. to get over this
so .. i started working there and i loved the experience as i حابيت to work بتعامل interact مع أكبر people حتى the idea that the field was different عن what i studied انا i اتعلمت a جدا
i discovered أن i have good information about الكيمياء
and that كانت the first time i felt that i spent a شهر و half و i did n't want to leave يعني i have plans يعني that .. whenever i have time , i أروح to work and so on even if i will حاجة once في week او something
the second .. second internship i كان after semester six and i عن got it through one من my relatives and هى was in .. emirates in sharjah
it was really كنت life experience لإنه خالتو stayed with my aunt in dubai and i used to .. to work at the lab but it was petrol بيترول actually لإنه was بقي related بال my .. my field because there ميكانيكية equipment and there were machines that they were making ميكانيكية assembly for it in order to .. to تشتغل on عليها the .. the .. the test
فأنا i used بصحى get up at 6 am to go to work at 8:30 and i used to بركب تلاتة buses , a metro and .. and a taxi and كنت spent two hours on my way to work
and definitely i was n't .. ماكنتش n't familiar with the accent of the ..
yes i سافرت traveled abroad . the first time i traveled was with my father when i was five سنين سنين . we went to turkey .. because papy was having job tasks there so we went with him
i had a situation هناك when my sister entered the toilette of الفندق الفندق و .. and she locked herself inside and she could n't open the door
we kept calling في الاستقبال reception so that they could send somebody to قرفتنا and until they sent بعتولنا somebody , فهموا did n't understand english يعني and finally they sent بعتولنا someone to open الباب door and she kept قعدت تعيط and so on
the second time يعني when i كنت in the third preparatory اما we went to turkey as برضه but المرة المرة i كبرت almost a grown-up and i still remember the تفاصيل there و i have many photos كده
the third time كانت when we went to لبنان , jordan and emirates but what was really weird was that we stayed for less than اربعين eight hours in each country because our الرئيسي goal was to go to emirates and stay with نقعد cousins and that 's it .. as for lebanon and jordan , أحنا went عنده because papy was having work شغل
so يوم we نزلنا , he went to الشغل and نزلنا had a tour all كلها beirut في less than a day
و we روحنا to oman
and .. and .. then to بقى
then a السنة later we went to dubai
then the next year we went to france
and that was the أول مرة for me to travel to europe و so on
and definitely , أحلى best place was ديزني يعني i am من number one fan of disney since i was young and i have already memorized their songs till now
و .. and it was the first time to travel to a european country and so on
and after that last year i went to dubai again and that 's بس
i روحت to siwa , siwa يعني مرة مع my friends from النادى club and we were all of the same young age
definitely , it was حاجة very new جدا the hotel there was n't a hotel هو was the resort itself as you felt as if you live in an قديمة place
and the country itself اصلا you feel أن you يعني a time آلة and that you went لورا even .. even الناس were n't familiar with people ال .. .. we were n't رجعتى with the culture there and so on
but she is لطيفة and لطيفة small and there were n't any kind of technology there or anything like that ولا were no cars there and if you look من the الحاجات at night , you can see a very clear sky full of نجوم and so on .. actually it was really nice honestly
منظربصراحة was such an amazing landscape as you were staying in the desert listening to the الصحرا ديابة ' sounds و other weird sounds
and .. and نزلنا swam هي the .. the sulphur springs and لطيفة was really nice
and luxor and aswan are nice too because i like monuments and الحاجات like that
but the other places مثلا الغردقة و و sharm عادى الشيخ دى are ordinary
no , sure , هبقى will love to هبقى abroad to مستقبلى my future and in الأول way or الأخر i am still young and if أنا did n't هبنى my future دلوقتى or did n't work hard now و .. يعني i should .. make a plan for the future
and my parents wo n't be مبسوطين with me if i فضلت with them doing nothing and .. this is what i really want من اصلا actually why not that i go for اختارها
actually i wo n't delay it يعني because i am afraid
definitely , انا know that it wo n't هبقي قاعدة to stay alone and .. and أنها will be مسؤولية big responsibility أن أنا become responsible عن myself و نفسك no longer .. have مسئول يلحقك help you in any problem but i think that they مش n't يلحقك me and they will come and بيتهيألى نفسك و أنا will visit them of course
that .. actually throughout my life عمرى am such a disorganized person as أنا ببهدل my حاجاتى everywhere and my room was never أوضتى حاجات و so on because i know أنا my عارفة will keep shouting at me for awhile then she هتلم organize everything
once she got up in the morning and she was very very tired that we had too take her to hospital و he found out that she was suffering from ضغط pressure so i felt that i made her devote her health and that i took صحتها health for granted يعني i used to think that it 's okay to leave everything messy because تعملها will come and tidy الحاجة mess
and i will pretend عارفه i do n't know but i realized that she was يعني tired and that we caused her مشكلة
فحسيت فحسيت that no i .. يعني not continue نفس .. this way and that i يعني أكمل to .. actually improve myself and .. actually i can even help her فلأ now we are facing a problem that she is not feeling well مش no i should help her and خصوصا that i am her eldest أخواتى
yes , أكيد father sure
أنا know أن this answer is somehow أجابة and many people may say so ب really .. يعني see him as a very smart and ambitious person
و .. and .. and he هو a self-made man that بنى نفسه on his بنفسه .. و هو is open-minded as he عاش abroad for a long time and .. and i like his way of thinking and the way طريقته .. he deals with people
and .. and actually even his دايما helps him think تسعين percent right .. actually whenever he speaks about something , he has ال evidence about حاجة so it 's already proved
and .. and he can foreshadow the events بعد on .. on his experience or something else that انا do n't know
and .. and he is a ناجح man in his work as he started his company from zero and now he is رقم one in his field و .. and his company يعني the كل company بتعمل make أحسن أحسن حجم أعمال
he هو a successful manager و engineer و .. and in addition to this he .. he كان the champion of مصر in .. ال and he كان the egyptian منتخب team coach في handball
he won the award of أحسن best african player
و .. و they won the african بطولة and عنده received a sport medal and .. and عنده عنده a وسام medal from .. from hosny mubarak
فيعنى .. he تلت three more languages other than arabic
و that 's it to me يعني he is a great جدا
أكيد of course especially if this field يعني work or something مثلا that
yes أنا i هستفيد benefit from حد that likes me then .. actually maybe .. that for example عندنا , as أحنا كشعب مصري , have strong emotions somehow
but people برا are very practical and they do n't have the concept of intimacy at work as they evaluate people according to their performance at work
maybe for example because i talk with people , for example i interact with الناس in a good way or something so that علشان respect me in ليا
actually i like to be respected و to be respected مش not because انا بلبس well or because .. actually maybe for example because مثلا talk to people , for example i interact with people in a good way او something so people respect me back
no no it لأ لأ easy that أنا can tell the story of my life to any passerby في الشارع street actually
actually لو انا deal .. deal with somebody that أنا know that his الخلفية for example .. his educational background غير different from my educational background مثلا أه definitely i .. only i want to change أغير way so as .. .. not to ببقي him
actually of course for أن i deal with .. with مثلا بتعامل actually .. actually from a lower social standard okay so i want to change y way in order not to .. to let him the بفرق
and no عمري have never .. أكيد .. يعني .. اكيد عادي if somebody did something wrong to me okay , i can .. can respond أساسها to what he did and i know that his طريقته is like that that 's why i am okay to deal معاه طريقته بنفس the same way
actually the usage of إنجليزي is that i استخدم using مثلا مثلا روابط and .. yes okay
actually it 's .. يعيني it أنه .. it يعني like a project or something for example sometimes i am required مثلا do something related to mechatronics for example حد is working in coding , , someone is working in معدات and other one is working in electronics
so yes somehow i may not في معينة tasks .. that أنا do n't understand exactly so فأه actually i will فهماها بالظبط the هقعد و .. و yes actually هحاول will try to make الكلام conversation longer until the one in front of me gets bored and actually .. i may وصلت his point .. for example i may reach عايزنى كده that he wants me to explain
no no اصلا actually sometimes i get up at ساعات بصحى على the .. the فوبيا actually i have .. the phobia of checking my mobile to make sure that nobody calls me then و will go back to sleep
it 's not a good thing in عامة and it causes headache to me for أيام sometimes i do n't do anything so ف .. i forgot معاه و i kept using it
and this is .. actually not good and sometimes it causes me headaches and sometimes بيبقي go and ask my mother عشانى خدى my mobile و not to give it back to me , لو somebody لمامي trying to call ماتديهوليش، ماتديهوليش، i do n't want to answer i had عايزة صداع، , i مش n't مش عايزاه answer
okay i will هقنعكوا you that .. أنه 's better to تكملوا your education abroad outside egypt
actually maybe for example there are some parents refused to let أهلهم children يبعدوا abroad .. وكده so on يعني they should يقنعوا their parents انه they did n't spend كل these years learning and at the end they are asked to put a limit للطموحات their ambitions .
يعني i .. .. i should .. .. try و each person has to have عنده own life experience
actually for example when someone you know like يا cousin for example gives you a negative feedback about عارفة abroad saying that people there are not good
no you should go and أنت this on your own to اكتشف how life is not suitable for you
you 'll go رايح بخلفية to your background and your specific expectations so أنت will feel ال .. that .. that actually you reach your goal and .. و أن if it really meets your expectations that you thought of before بيها or not
so .. actually you can not remain in مكانه place because .. your parents wanted you to be there
after that .. you 'll discover that time flies and you did what they want and not what أنت want and .. and at that time you 'll feel أن your life هو boring and تقول would blame طب for not doing so ? at that time you will be old enough that you have no time to regret what you did
and your life will be based على روتينية and it will be constant and you kept thinking that you should have done something and you did n't و this wo n't هيتغير anything
أنا was born في cairo and when i was in the .. الأول stage , i دخلت to .. to a private مدرسة and we used to learn arabic and english
i could n't .. could n't afford to continue learning at a private school so i went to public مدارس in the preparatory و secondary stages
بس definitely i studied كله in arabic in the preparatory و secondary stages
basically i دخلت computer science and my .. my التخصص is all about معلومات systems that we use كانت .. بنحلل analyze بيانات و الاسترجاع retrieval and التخزين التخزين and so on
and ليه did ليه choose حاسبات حاسبات ومعلومات؟ ?
basically because انا liked using computers since i was young
و at home they told me that i have two choices either i can be a computer scientist for example or to teach because i used to love teaching when i was صغير so i had to حاجة for any of these choices
my bachelor project بتاعي like a mobile application كنت i created to simulate the behavior of the google pay و ال .. و apple that هي i pay as well
we wanted to نعمل تطبيق شامل application where بتاعتك insert all your الكروت سواء they are الخصم card , credit card or affiliation card that has to do with a specific مؤسسة or something و you used them instead من getting الكروت out from your bag as you can just use them خلال the mobile
actually we wanted to have this idea as it 's .. is already there but we wanted احنا collect everything and put it في one place only which هو not آبل، , actually apple pay support some options وحاجات do n't support the other no e wanted to نساعد everything
okay my مش routine is not مختلف from الروتين traditional daily routine that الناس has
أساسًا i get up and check my schedule بشوف work then i get dressed و go to work
i do n't get حاجة like بقيت people do and this is totally different from other الناس
that 's it , and afterwards i check الحصص tutorials اللي i should finish أو the correction or meetings or مثلا of the sort or لو there 's something to work on in research , an experiment or so and that 's it
yes basically my favorite hobby is بحب بكتشف new music because i really love الأغاني , so i sit by myself و open anghami or something to listen to أغاني , if i like it , افتح get it , if not عندي، i will check another one
i بصي tell you basically when بصي was young , i used to listen to arabic songs rather than english بقيت , when i grew up , i did the opposite as i listen to english songs rather than arabic songs
yes i have a lot الأغاني favorite songs
for example michael جاكسون is one of my favorite but he died , and now ariana grande هو my favorite as well and that 's it
any بوب موسيقى singers but they should be good
yes it 's been a long time since i last watched افلام افلام
i will tell you هقولك last movie i watched at السينما cinema was الزجاج glass
that was the last فيلم دخلته watched في the cinema basically
it was about the idea of somebody who predicts that some people have supernatural خوارق such as those يقرأ read the العقول and those who did something else and he gathered them in a storyline
and في the end he wanted them to يعمل the same المسار and he wanted to يدخلهم them في a team but he فشل at the end
if the idea of experimental schools is موجودة there that they are public schools but at نفس same time they teach english وعربي arabic , but most of the subjects are in بالإنجليزي , i would go for such schools
لو this system is canceled , because i know that they are بيحاربوه it و they want to cancel it , in this case , بيحاربوه have to enroll ادخلهم in خاصة مدارس and the .. the main اللغة فيها is english and then the other language كده عربي
للأسف للأسف all كل fields of science is بقى in english بالإنجليزي، so if they do n't know عرفينه , هيعرفوا wo n't be يبحثوا، يبحثوا، do يبحثوا، and wo n't be able to يذاكروا , they ca n't produce anything
my dream job was teaching since i was young
انا كنت كنت love بحب teach when i was young
i used to كنت all my relatives and let them sit in front of me and أقعد kept explaining some topics to them
لو مش were n't a teacher , basically i would .. would study space science
but i did n't find it in مالاقيتوش مصر , and when i found لاقيته , i found something called a meteorological organization and حاجات like that
so they told فقالولي هتقعد i will do researches on the weather so i فقولتلهم فقولتلهم that this is not my ambition
اكتر wanted to do more than this
so this is إننا dream job , it 's somehow related بعلم space science
but currently my dream job is to work in the البرمجيات engineering that i should not only do البرمجيات coding but i also collect the requirements and check the متطلبات الرسوم for example and to see the user stories and things like that
basically i did n't attend any internships but انا would نفسي to but i was not accepted من any place , i do n't know انهم although they كانوا المجاميع with lower gpas than مني
but الفكرة idea is that هم do n't target the gpa maybe they بيستهدفوا another aspects
انا do n't know what it بصراحة عارف بس .
okay , now after working , do you اكتر المهنية life or university life when you كنت كنت student and you have no مسؤوليات at that time but also you have تذاكر study and so on ?
no definitely i would say university life because أساسا when i was at university there was في well structured program
for example , مثلا i was مطلوب مثلا مني will study one , two , اربعة , اربعة , you will get the grade , then هتنجح، will succeed and that 's خلصنا
but now , i am doing the العكس , as i restructure الحاجات الحاجات عشان let الناس تمشي me و بتنجح succeed في the end
definitely doing something من scratch أصعب more difficult من أتتبع a معمولة جاهزة system .
okay can you tell us about the آخر place سفرية سافرتها have سافرتها in مصر طبيعي أو what سفرية influence you the most ?
basically i am not the person you mean انتي i do n't like traveling and i بحب بحب make a lot of التحركات
يعني i am that النوع of person who loves to settle in a place , i do n't like to move a lot .
but أصلا it 's been a very long مرة since i last سافرت , it 's been خمس years since i last كان فيها .
i was in the states ف .. so what ربي؟ yes what i have seen there was different from what 's اللي in egypt
but what influenced me there is وسط downtown there as it شكلها very nice جدا، and there was .. was .. كان something like an arena where they بقى الماتشات matches of wwa that is wrestling and so on and i love this
so i hoped to attend such events
but بس saw it from outside it هو wow and the الساحة was huge
i will say basically actually , the question is actually i will هقولك , أساسا i have no مشكلة مع egypt كبلد a كبلد . my problem is with .. مع the العقلية as not ال .. all people بس the same or معظم of the الناس that live outside egypt , the problem بتاعتهم in بتاعتهم mentality
actually they misunderstand the people surround حوليهم
او that we have for example a حاجات level من السلطة , so you should follow us and if تعمل did n't do this , we will get into debates or حاجات like that
actually if .. if we removed those bad people and replaced مكانها with better الناس , انا هبقى be happy
i will هقولك، you هقولك، basically yes and أنا am في حالة state of mind like that , for example , i stayed for two .. or three سنين في الجامعة and i search مثلا and i .. i ببحث for example and i give توجيهية and كده 's it so this is اللي point و so what ؟ what 's next هكمل؟ would i continue this or not ? for example i can go for منحة scholarship as dalia told me or not لأ؟
فانا am in a state of mind and something like that and i do n't بقى where انا am ? or what am i going to ايه؟ ?
so يعني i 'm in a middle of a turning point
طب do you feel that this turning point is changing your personality ? or شخصيتك personality does n't change but you change your way of thinking so what will you do أيه؟ ?
it changes my way of thinking of course but it wo n't change في personality , because this is not that turning point that will change my personality a lot no but it changes my state for example it can take me to a better or a worse place , it depends on my thought
ماشي , good when you were a student or a طيب , do كنت prefer working in a team or .. or working individually to handle في project و everything on your own لوحدك؟
بص هقولك، tell you هقولك، when i was أنا student , i used to work individually لوحدي، and .. but عندي have trust issues
actually i do n't trust anyone easily
for example , i know that شغله performance at الشغل is not got or that هو will cause problems , so i هشتغل n't work with him
so most of the times yes i was making فريق for the sake of making a team but at the end i was doing everything individually and we pass the evaluation because i explain to everyone what أيه should do
at university as a ta , if i work في the course individually , i definitely prefer working في الدورة course individually بفضل of the organization so .. يعني it will be only one , so as not to have any miscommunication او something
ولو if i هشتغل work مع another تاني , it حسب on الثقة trust , my level
so فأه فانا for example i worked with ناس that i trust them greatly and i worked مع other people that caused مشاكل
yes there is , but we said that we will not هنقول name so of course there .
no دكاترة are دكاترة here at university
no , a lot of things . actually , there 's a specific معجب as i معجب everything أنا does
لأ actually the العرض skills that he has
طريقة way that he knows how to deliver the correct info to للناس
his way of thinking و التفكير المنطقي thinking عنده؟ do i عنده؟ عنده؟ ?
محبوب or respected تحترمني؟ okay .. لو people هو , they بتحبك definitely respect you at نقطة point .. some نقطة معينة
i أحب to أبقى liked rather than respected because at the end , if you like me , هتعرف can respect me somehow
okay , do you feel that الناس are an easy person to talk with في the الأول ? ولا they take وقت to break الحاجز الحاجز ?
بالعكس بالعكس contrary , أنا am the one who takes time to adapt with people , as anybody can adapt with me but i can not أتأقلم with anyone at once
في do you find it difficult to deal مع people من a مختلف social مستوى whether it كان higher or lower ? do you need to change your طريقة of speaking , your attitude in general when you deal with social مستويات and so on ?
i will tell what 's supposed to happen
you 're المفروض بتغير change بتاعك spee .. your speech based on which level you are talking with whether it 's higher ولا lower than منك
but i do n't know how to this
and that may cause مشاكل problems
فانا i like to avoid أتعامل with حد who is higher أو أعلى than me
but لو i had to do so , مني will respect مني who are lower , but sometimes this backfire عليا
sometimes he بقلل that i underestimate him or something
بالعكس the contrary , when i call him sir or something , فكده considered that i am showing arrogance but أنا do n't mean this at all
هقولك، will tell you , the best trait i have is that i like being helpful
actually i لو not to change this trait whatsoever actually
if he بيجدب a liar
i can هعرف deal with معاه at خالص
بص هو لجأت done لكده actually , but as لجأت the evaluation i like when i هتكلم about something , i بكون understand في أنا am talking about
if i do n't حاجة this .. i will هقولك you that i do n't يعني or i can ask about what قصدك mean
honestly i was not بكل بصراحة موقف , but i have never been في this موقف
i have never .. i always like to be ready و بالكفاءة enough
i كده بتحط like بتحط be في situation like that
لو .. if you .. لو you will remove the applications yes maybe , لكن if i .. i هستخدمه هستخدمه احتاجه to talk to people , maybe i need somebody في example , so فيعني no .
طيب as for the اخر question , can you choose anything you حاجة و persuade us of for example .. you can persuade us to نكمل ماجستير 's , ان travel abroad , or not to travel abroad , or anything .. anything that you أنت persuaded of to let us be persuaded
yes طبعا , أول of all i was born في alexandria
i كنت to a قومية school عادي i became in .. in middle three , so i went لتالتة an ig or البريطانية، , but after that i بقى four years سنين اربع ig البريطانية
في finishing the ig , i used to focus mainly علي fields like mathematics , فيزياء والاتصالات ict لإن at the that time i thought ممكن joining computer science or anything related to بمجال field
بعد خلصت school , i went to cairo , joined the university في cairo و i did majoring in حاسبات science as i wished to do this , but it كانت definitely هندسة هندسة طبعا there 's not computer science في that university
and now i graduated and became an مهندس، , it 's mentioned in دلوقت id that i am a free electrical engineer and i 'm بدرس as a teaching assistant hardware courses
it was mainly english and وعربي، , but there was french at the beginning
yes my bachelor was عنوانه تلعيب physiotherapy وألعاب android wearable game for adolescent patients , a very long title
basically it was about serious games مع hci
there were kids اطفال، or in general there اطفال اطفال having problems في their muscles , they ca n't move their hands or their wrest and so on , فكنا احنا was trying to teach them their physiotherapy exercises بطريقة a fun and تفاعلية way بتاعتهم، gamified
there was a smart wearable that detects the movements of the child
and there هو mainly لعبة لعبة that was بتاعتي، بتاعتي، it كان called music chasers and it 's all about اغنية اغنية and song was being played as long as هو made الحركات once الصحيحة، movements الصحيحة، if he made a wrong movement , the song تبقى be paused and he should continue doing the right movement so as not to stop الأغنية song
so mainly it 's that he exercises او do his physiotherapy exercises
and instead of going to a certain institute to get treatment or something and even in the countryside where ماعندهمش do n't have القرى or take a طويلة، time to go to a hospital , so no using android device و smart ملابس enables him to do تمرينات في home
so mainly this semester هو because .. i have a lot of tasks in the first slot so i get فبصحى early
actually i حوالي up at 7 am or 7:30 am
i already ساكن ساكن to الجامعة actually , in the same area , so i do n't have to get up too اصحى and يعني i have my own car عربيتي، so i have no مشكلة
i get up بفطر، have breakfast , go to university and check لو i عندي teaching تدريس، i have تصحيح امتحانات like امتحانات , finals أو quizzes , i عندي content المادة for للأسابيع coming للأسابيع
after going home , i call my friends to hang out to watch the matches like أبطال league for example or we can play soccer and son او i sleep و that 's it
هو in the الجمعة , i like to أقابل my friends on friday in الجمعة يوم until it 's 4 o'clock for example
we usually نلعب the tradition of كورة soccer on saturday at night at one أحد the schools , in that area
فبس actually maybe because i do n't have long weekend in this semester because i have teaching first يوم saturday السبت، so عندي have to prepare the content on friday because i have teaching on wednesday fifth actually so my weekend in this semester is thursday and friday
actually i have a break on thursday and بعد friday i بحضر، , i have first teaching يعني
مش أوي
أنا 'm pretty متأكد it 's english because أنا already hate the عربي الأدب
i do n't مش exactly the last book but everything was أكاديمية، أكاديمية، , it 's related to master 's تقريبا أصلا
the آخر movie i watched at السينما cinema was كابتن مارفل
i كنت very anticipating to see what 's going to هيحصل in avengers end game و الأحداث build up of avengers end game , فدخلت i went to watch it at the cinema
yes actually expectations versus reality بالواقع، هو movie was n't that
بس now actually he completed the الناقص الجزء of the مارفل cinematic السينمائي
maybe because i هو in the ig in an international , i definitely support the international education system
although the governments are making improvements
but also i اعتقد that they are my children as they are supposed to receive the best تعليم provided من international institutes and international curriculum
هقولك، will tell you , basically , هو first thing for example اصلا i became مدرس ta ?
i wanted to complete the master 's and also at the same time i want to work in the industry
so actually فانا بحلم goal أو my dream بيها is أسافر أسافر مصر , and to go to واحدة of the tag giants in usa
أبقى used to travel there , and وفي the same time , أشتغل wanted to أشتغل in حاجة research and والتطوير
the r and d the parts that develop and their things , يعملوا do research behind the applications and the software and the المعدات and so on
but actually i 'm dreaming of pursuing للماجستير master 's in egypt and دكتوراه phd abroad , i do n't work في the academic field as التدريس teaching would be my main focus or my الأساسي، role , but to work in industry as research والتطوير development
as internships or as a كطالب , i used to work in شركتين شركتين in three شهور
i worked for a month فيها the first company and i worked for two months in the second company
both companies have nothing to do with development , كانوا were just it , technical support or maintenance
it فكانت a good experience لإن i did n't بدرسها this at الجامعة، الجامعة، but actually we have work and people are مهتمة in this
after ما , after i had خلصت the التدريبات , i became مدرس ta
actually people are تستغرب especially my friends as i did n't really like المعدات courses and actually أنا 'm not into hardware , yet the two courses that i تدريس are مناهج courses because for me hardware is actually حاجة teaching-wise .. or أنا find it easy i mean
maybe مش 's not the best حاجة or the most حاجة أمتع thing , بس بعد i taught the hardware تدريس no i felt that they أنا good but i 'm interested in them , although my master 's بتاعي not معدات، معدات، و actually عمري will not ما هركز on mastering أوالدكتوراة phd in hardware
لإن definitely it 's full of a lot of technical details and i was not the cleverest one in الفيزياء and so كلها
but no actually i am glad و i have no problem
all my colleagues in the office and all المدرسين tas said that they wished to be مدرسين again المساعدين and so on is better that working مساعدين tas
i am the only one who says no , شغل as tas is أحسن أحسن , it 's not the best career as a ta but the best thing is that i do n't study , انا would n't بذاكر، final exam and i should امتحان for it , i do n't have projects , لأ maybe it لأ يمكن .. a شوية bit flexible
but إنما for me i study a certain منهج to هدرسه، it , but no i see that working الحياة احسن احسن than being a student
no i have never traveled abroad
inside مصر؟ ? a place that i عاجبني؟ ?
actually technically i am not .. not .. not into egypt that much , but at that time when i was living in اسكندرية، , what i really liked was when i went to جيت and saw the egyptian museum and the pharaonic والآثار and so on
to me alexandria as a coastal city , as we used متعودين متعودين by the beach and even the north coast and so on , things like that , and even the الآثار there were more into roman روماني، like romanian and greek monuments
when i saw the أصولها of the pharaonic civilization such as الأهرامات pyramids , the sphinx and so on , no actually i felt إن egypt تراثها a great heritage
it was somehow شوية
as i told in the beginning , my dream is to travel to europe or the us , i pursue my الدكتوراة degree , and after that كده will work there and استقر in one من the tech giants , so اصلا فطبعا هقبله i 'll هقبله هقبله
mainly , when i participated in طلابية activities at university especially my آخر سنتين years
no my way تفكيري thinking started to change
the community was مختلفة، as they بدأوا يشكلوا يشكلوا actually the new الأصدقاء that كنت بعملها or الصداقات الجديدة friendship اللي كنت i used to make بعملها i بدأت ت .. to تشكل و it influenced me خاصة when i see my friends for example say what they want to do when they grow up
no فحاسيت felt إن i can change my vision of الحياة
but no actually i was determined when أنا was at المدرسة to join computer science and i دخلت computer science
maybe في the آخر few years أبقى dreamed to be a ta بس not because ta حاجة good حلوة، but because i want complete master 's and i want to make phd وعايز to continue this الطريق
no i find what i تحصل in my حياتي so it 's achieved . no i feel that actually that such الحاجات نفسي that i have already wished are being achieved
it depends on the projects
actually for example the game for instance , i قولت my partner that i will هعمل it كلها للشريك my own
it كان شيق interesting
it was yugi-oh and i used بحب love yugi from the childhood الطفولة
فقولتله told him that i do n't need his help جنب، that i هعمل work on the whole project on my own
جبت god i got a plus at the end and قفلنا finalized everything
لا it .. it was a good المشروع جامد الصراحة
so that was a type of project قشطة like to أشتغل on لوحدي
there are some other مشروعات that we should divide the tasks as each واحد will be responsible بتاعته، his المهام and so on because they are projects mega projects big مشروعات
محتاجة require multiple people to work on
it 's a صعب question honestly
هو أساسا when a person feels down , does he actually say it 's okay i do n't care about the الدرجة whether it 's five percent , ten percent , percent fifteen percent من project the project ?
فيعني actually it 's عادي what 's important لو what درجة we will get
but no by في end actually as motivation-wise , we يبقى نشتغل على the المشروع for مثلا before بنجهز we could go and watched a match for example , actually there motivational boosters يحفزونا get us more motivated
we can have a break for some time without working on the project , we نخش to السينما، cinema السينما، actually
no ماعنديش do n't have مثلا example .. i do n't have a role model in all fields , i have only one
but no i have a role model in a specific field that i want to achieve a goal that مثلا has already achieved
for example for example when it comes to technology , steve بتاعي هو my role model مثلا example
when it comes to soccer يعني i prefer for مثلا مثلا like abu trika or mohamed salah as role models
but i do n't have المثل specific role model in general
محبوب or تحترمك؟ ?
أعتقد أعتقد تحترمني
why ?
because actually if people respect you فهي eventually they .. will like you
but maybe at the beginning they fear so they respect you for مثلا or maybe they are fear or حاجة
but after بس , أول they get to know you اكتر، اكتر، especially that إنت بتعامله him with respect and so on , so maybe eventually you may like each other or there might be likelihood or whatever
no it 's okay i have no مشكلة at all , actually i love to get to know people actually , i am جدا sociable in this part
no actually for example they can get to know me in a very short وقت actually
i do n't .. مش n't take time to get خالص know people
social مستوى as in what يعني؟ ?
as كتعليم كتعليم actually definitely for example in الطبيعي لو i speak with code-switching لغات، i .. i .. i switch from arabic into لإنجليزي for example بنقل lot of my speech , no فمثلا example i choose for example if أنا am in a تاكسي أو any transportation , of course i wo n't speak with him in بالإنجليزي in .. such context
so i had to speak using .. بمصطلحات that هو يفهمها
i am حالم and i like to imagine how my future will look like
if he does n't respect other الناس or he يتنمر يتنمر them
and things like ده
i معاد a deadline for example and ماعملناش have n't even started حاجة
دي .. this is mainly الضغط
but مواعيد are n't deadlines projects و so on , no they are deadlines في my life in general , for example for كمثال such مثلا submitting your military status documents , urgent things that are really مستقبلي to your مستقبلي and you can ينهار everything ممكن you do n't do it
maybe أبقى became مضغوط over a presentation for example شغل أو interview or شغل، , and so on as my حياتي، حياتي، my life depends on passing this interview or this presentation , so no i am stressed
بس if i am مستعد , it 's كويس فعادي stress will go away
i kept كنت you about the functions of the anode and cathode
it ممكن be .. no i did do this in the bachelor كده
الندوة seminar no ممكن even the seminar presentation also as فيها topics included مصطلحات that we did n't understand such terminologies
because in the الندوة , he gave you papers تقروها تقروها and تعرضوها present أبحاث الأبحاث
فاللي you do n't understand بتقولها , إنت just بتقولها as it is بالمصطلحات its terminology و that 's it actually
but no لأ، but actually most probably no i did n't use sophisticated .. words before because i did n't understand
i never had something like that
no
because basically the mobile is now connected to everything سواء it has اجتماعية، network , الكلام الكلام , chats , and so on
of course some people are trying to get away عن الموبايل الموبايل and so on , but no i feel إن my life مرتبطة مرتبطة to it as i should check for مثلا my حاسس الأخبار , i check مثلا مثلا instagram انستاجرام، check twitter , أشوف the news
even for example i want to call somebody for example even phone أكلمه it 's شرط to be texting
no the mobile should be أساسية عند each individual in the world
you remind me of السوداء mirror
so ففنياً the episodes of السوداء mirror بتناقش how ممكن التكنولوجيا go wrong
so okay yes communication-wise the situation was أحسن better بكتير، , الناس sit وجها لوجه face and تتكلم، communicate تتكلم، now الناس can just send texts و even short قصيرة
but eventually now you can تكلمي to somebody in another دولة , somebody in another تانية , it becomes much easier to talk with him instead of أسهل , so this makes him closer
but definitely يعني it 's like a سلاح ذو حدين، edges , actually ممكن ممكن يكون bad , or it could be good , but i see that المميزات advantages are more than its disadvantages
no it ده .. it صعبة difficult اقنعكوا اقنعكوا you to ..
should i persuade you to do something ?
okay
definitely يعني last السنة there كان so many people asking us what إيه the importance of embedded systems course in our life ?
and احنا as dmet especially ك why do we study hardware in such level تي، ده، and that we implement wiring parts توصيلات؟
and people already بتكره التوصيلات التوصيلات from مشروع كهربائية two to project dsd
و why do ليه deal with hardware ?
أحب like أقولكوا tell you people that those who are in mechatronics بيحلموا to take this جماعة المدمجة course
إنتوا you take course دورة mechatronics department do n't take
while mechatronics have to take a diploma دبلومة be able to pass the test
and you have like fifty خمسين، sixty , ستين، percent of the content of the الاختبار، , there 's only one small part missing
so actually تكونوا could be hardware مهندسين and to make money and be rich
i was born in cairo
i عيشت here في egypt until i was in grade six i went في .. مدرسة
i went to a school in eltayran street
i live in نصر، مدينة نصر، abbas elaakad
i were there لحد i was in grade ستة
after grade 6 i traveled to emirates
i used to stay in .. in el ain
i كنت to an american school
i graduated in two thousand and fifteen
و i joined this الجامعة engineering mechatronics
why ليه i اخترت ميكاترونكس؟ ?
because i love working in the المجال الصناعة industry
and في حاجة نفس time i hate theoretical materials
i يبقى like practical عملي
and i هقنعك persuade هقنعك by في end
تمام
but
as i told you i love practical work
at the beginning كنا كنا to study the materials of فيزيا , math , and chemistry that we used to study in the general secondary
but بس were n't the افضل for me
i did n't start to like the .. the major itself as mechatronics except in الترم five maybe
because i started to find بذاكرها بذاكرها كنت studying الحاجات physics and math and i started to see it
i ابتديت to see it اشوفها، i يعني that i started to apply what اطبقها بإيدي
my التخرج project mainly focused on the field that we did n't study at university especially it 's optics
and the optics in the .. the coming , actually the sensors that we are using now are no longer افضل best
so بتاعي project عبارة about the sensors that monitor cancer cells
i get up at الساعة am
exactly an hour and i take الباص bus at 7 o'clock سبعة، the bus arrives الجامعة at eight to fifteen o'clock
the day starts from 8 o'clock until 6 الساعة by maximum
no , i do n't like reading at خالص .
the movie life of pi
this movie عبارة about an indian boy
this indian boy he had حديقة حديقة in الهند، , and decided to يهاجر معاه with him all the animals
he immigrated by الهجرة بالسفينة، ship , that 's it
و when they were on the ship , السفينة ship sank
nothing remained on the السفينة except the boy pi and the tiger
he did n't discover that that the tiger is alive until he كان a boat trying to survive و he found the النمر came from the ship
that 's it , he was in water كلها that time , he was trying to survive , how to eat , ازاي to drink هيشرب، ازاي هي .. , he sailed by boat until هو reached the للشط
that 's it
مافيش 's no .. no مغني مغني that i بحب to اسمعله، to , on بالعكس contrary بسمع listen بسمع everything
i do n't always care about the lyrics as much as i care about the rhythm and معايا الموسيقى itself
before i start thinking of mechatronics , انا hoped to join aeronautical engineering
but our مشكلتنا is ان هندسة الطيران هندسة is موجودة in cairo university only
و this كان صعبة صعبة to جدا
but the second option for فتاني is mechatronics
so as for my dream كوظيفة , i ادخل to join mechatronics in the aeronautical engineering
okay well , can you tell us about the internships that you attended or دوام full-time or part-time jobs that عملتها had when you were at الجامعة؟ ?
i have never ماعملتش any jobs whether they بدوام part-time or full-time
but i هي only one internship in summer in مصنع car factory
that 's بس
it was for a month
we used to watch the assembly line of cars , the مراحل of collecting the automotive parts , the stages of painting
i do n't like حاجة theoretical
i have n't started to enjoy the .. the التخصص until i started working on التخرج bachelor
and actually i learned topics hundred times more than what i اتعلمتها in the سبع semesters
انا كنت to live in الإمارات so .. regardless of الإمارات لأ i have never been to anywhere تانية
sharm elsheikh
i liked the landscapes there , ال .. at the hotel without any responsibilities مسئولية، without anything else , it 's only relaxation
definitely for me , if i found that it wo n't مش any difference and that it 's like staying here , no definitely i will stay في my homeland
if الفرق difference ملحوظ، significant , yes و have no problem to make this decision اقعد live عادي
بالعكس بالعكس بالعكس , i will deal with a جديدة culture معاها، new people جديدة، a تماما، new different حياة , so i بحب this
at first as ما told you , in the اول semesters at university , it كان totally theoretical for me , as we used to solve حسابية equations , i did n't want this
but at حاجة نفس time there were n't anything else او the other major will not be هيبعد to ده at first
كان to استنى the best اختيار فكان to continue و wait
actually for me , i made مرة car accident حادثة، before this , i was جدا، reckless , but فقبل that , i started ب .. to take كل into account before doing اعملها، اعملها، and that 's it
the .. ليه الجماعي work has its advantage و the single work has another advantage
in the group work كتير، you collect ideas from many people . فبالتالي as a result the probability to get the best result is كبيرة
انما when لوحدي، work alone , i will be secured about the .. بتاعة quality that هشتغل a result of my مني
the implementation of the الفكرة نفسها يختلف
like we can summarize this in بإختصار بإختصار that يعني , too .. اللي many cooks spoil the broth
my father
to me هو مسئولية a very big responsibility
i did n't find this in any other father , بطبيعة يعني
but to me he is the perfect model actually i do like him
i do n't mean that i هو the same as he did , no the way he deals مع الناس، , his attitude , هو mentality
i like to imitate him
محبوب liked is انا i change myself to ي .. be liked , و the same happens with the other التاني
i will keep اتغير لإن i wo n't be هعجب by everyone at once
in order to be liked by someone .. i will change for this reason علشانه، و i will change for the sake للتاني the other person
but to be respected , i .. i will be the only one , that 's بس
فإللي whoever likes me .. should like me as i am كده، هو this هي .. is respect and he will deal with معايا based on this دوة، دوة، i wo n't need to change myself for him
i مش بحب to deal مع that kind of شخص who thinks that he is the smartest واحد in the world
there 's not a smartest واحد in الدنيا الدنيا
بالعكس the بالعكس انا will to deal مع the اللي who accept the other , ممكن could be a good idea but at the same time ممكن it ممكن be وحشة
personally انا i can find both good and bad ideas
but i بيبقي the one who thinks that he 's اذكى smartest واحد in the world العالم، because نفسه is very arrogant , in a higher level يطلع started يطلع wrong ideas لمجرد because he believes that he is the best
reckless
i was ببقى reckless in ردود decisions i made , and sometimes in my reactions
بس now i am trying to stop being احد متهور، , و to stop my spontaneous reactions
i kept بفكر before doing anything or taking any action تجاه anything
naturally i have a different taste
and mostly متقلب كبير
and i do n't .. مش n't give the الفرصة to anyone who deals معايا me because i هو that he wo n't like ده
unless انا قعدت with him for a period of time ايه، we are trying to discover one another
we understood each other we ومشيين علي the same track we started .. started اتعرف get to know عليه more and i started اتعامل deal with بعض more , and as a بالتالي he can get closer to me يعني، , that 's it
no not خالص، all , on the contrary في community that surrounds me , i feel that كلنا are all the same level
i مشكلة to problem to deal with them
this بالنسبة to do with university
outside الجامعة , of course you interact with other people
i ممكن اتعامل with عمال، , engineers , doctors , the way i deal مع each person differs . so i should .. see who اتعامل deal with , and i start to deal مع معاه in الاسلوب بنفس way
if انا study and باحفظ، باحفظ، احفظ، memorize memorize for the exam علشان what should i do after الامتحان؟ الامتحان؟ الامتحان؟ nothing
when i finish the exam و realize that نفسي forgot something مثلا، like مثلا i wanted مثلا، remember something that ذاكرتها have studied في the previous semester , i could n't افتكرها it قبل some time , فببتدي فببتدي افتكرها to feel that انا 'm مضغوط
so what it is
راح i can راح the information فين، or the part .. part that i know , where i راحت found it
okay later on , who will tell me this or will teach us this
okay .. يعني did it happen before موقف انك were in an evaluation at university or any other situation when you were asked a موضوع that you did n't understand , so you had to speak in english or mention very كبيرة مصطلحات في order to .. تعدي الاجتماع meeting and that 's all خلاص، and اللي one in front of you يقول من you really understand فاهم، فخلاص الموضوع؟ situation would pass
no , بالعكس the contrary i am very حريص غامض in such situations انا .. even لو i am vague in my speech كلامي، that اللي one in اوصله of me can understand clearly what i say يعني if he does n't understand , i will make it more clear for him ، otherwise it will be misunderstood
طب غلط if it 's wrong , what will happen next ?
no i hate being in such level , i prefer being واضح and honest في everything
or i i want to فيه a certain اوصلها، اوصلها، i reach this point and keep repeating it until ما becomes واضحة
can we live without a mobile و why موبايل؟ ليه؟
i like isolation العزلة، so maybe , actually i can live without a mobile for a certain period of time
but انا i reach اكلم some point ان i want to call somebody , i want to اكلم something , فلأ no i will need it
عاوزها؟ حاجة want
وقف
you 'll see هنشوف this will take ازاي، ازاي، let 's يلا
i can persuade you ان mechatronics اهم اهم important than تي
because in met , هم بيبرمجوا
or according to what فهمي understand هم code that 's it
as for mechatronics و we code , connect electricity , نوصل mechanisms
so احنا we said that .. that تي can the same tasks of ميكاترونكس، , لأ . but mechatronics can do the tasks of تي
so as a result mechatronics is more important
okay , okay , what كلامك have said is relatively right ولكن .. i wo n't هقول ان ميكاترونكس is not مهمة، , mechatronics are very important , because they have their work but at some point when you code , إنت 'll reach a لسقف where you can not تكمله
as for mechatronics , it مش n't need the complexity بتاعة coding that they use at work or in computer حاسبات or بيتعامل in general
as for mechatronics , the .. the part of code is what يستعملها، use , it 's the mostly used part , he know it very جدا
i do محتاج need more
on the contrary , besides جنبها knows electricity , يعرف mechanics
as for تي , he can sit in front of a robot روبوت، and just write the code
okay طب this code reacts , how it works
okay why it did n't work ليه؟
الكهربا electricity is connected to it , and so on كله، مايعرفش can not do يعمله
exactly , sure
بس this does n't mean that this is more اهم من اهم حاجة
okay should i tell you my age سني؟
no it 's not necessary
i دخلت to national français school then i joined an international university
i joined mass إعلام
كده 's why بعد تخرجت graduated from university i came back here تانى
now i am working at another جامعة which is international as well but it has nothing to do with my university مالهاش they have radio tv department , this department has a channel where i am شغالة at بتاعتها، i am شغالة as شغالة presenter و i أنا here معاك you
okay , ال .. was at mass communication , of course i كنت at the department of radio and television .
i like so much something called mic , that 's why i am very happy that you are talking with me بتكلمنى
. my graduation project was about الصور effect of pictures in people 's life .
we have قابلنا many different people , one حد old aged , other is younger and other in the mid age , so , بتاعتها take the experience we have ناخذ many مقابلات وصورنا we took many وصورنا وروحنا we started to do something like an intro in the الاول , انه about the impact of كل photo on the الناس 's life .
we took photos for those persons who are graduated .
for those who are playing a game , we think how to بيعمل the photo can بتكون ذكرى مهمه memory on people 's حياتنا .
that was التخرج graduation project بتاعى
i was hoping and it was my dream job to be مذيعة مذيعة , until i got the chance and the opportunity to work at the channel in the university .. the one which i am working there till دلوقت .
okay in the أيام الأسبوع باصحى i wake up in the morning , taking my breakfast and then , go to the work . after work , i go to the gym and then see if i have بعمله important to do or not , if not , then , i go outside بخرخ spend a time مع my friends .
that is happening in the الأسبوع ده
in الشتاء weekend بقى i must have a vacation و travel anywhere even if it is for يومين days only . فى الشتاء , i do n't travel anywhere , فيه is only جيم or go out with my friends .
i like swimming and dancing very much أو i like riding horses as well , but , actually it is very rare to practice riding it a lot .
yes , but i do n't بقرا بقرا lot كثير
look , the last book
no , not the أخر كتاب , but , we can say that the book which really touched me was a very different book , it is not related to increasing knowledge or information , it is a book called `` hebta '' , i think you will حسيت حسيت people know it , i felt it هو a book talking about real life .
it هو not the أجمد book , but , it touched me personally . i am not going to tell you a مقولة from this book , but مش i will tell you my عامة quote which i usually follow through all my life مثلا it said بتاعتى حياتى believe you can and you 're half way there '' ..
the story of أخر last movie اتفرجت watched .
it was فى the cinema , it كان an عربى ماكانش السينما actually , not إنجليزي , كان is called `` men 's secret club ''
, tell you ? أحكى story .
طيب , in general , هو was talking that people كانت different there . my friends told me to go and watch it , because they told me the boys are very very bad , وحشين look what they are doing . look , finally the goal of this movie that boys ليهم having their خاص world .
my personal opinion is رأى a البنت can deal مع boys without losing نفسها , and let الولاد الولاد thinks by another way , and at the same time girls must think ومتكتكة put plans .
very much , i like listening to songs very جدا .
no , لأ like anything , عربي and english , and any type of song خالص there is اي a certain type of songs .
i بقى to طول بسمعه , but , i do n't like to hear this type of songs a lot as it can depress me , do you understand فاهمة؟ فاهمة؟
وقت the time of university , كت دخلت at something called .. do you want me to اقول its name ? okay , there was something related to بالبورصة stock بالبورصة , but , i كان responsible for the media department فيها .
كان was another thing تانية yes , it was خيرية charity , i was the one responsible for the charity there .
كنا were helping الناس from .. from inside the university , the university became to have a role .
there was another thing , it was برده , those 3 دول together , those كانت things i liked mostly . when , i was at school , there was n't anything from المدرسه .
بصى هو i am هنا at the .. at the channel of this university , i am the presenter .
وهى , since i اتولدت a child , من dream وظيفة was to be a مذيعة , so , if انا did n't take the chance to work there انا i would .. actually i was asking الناس about a job , i.e . to have a job .
ده بجد really .
so , till i وصلت here , yes بلاش، i am working with مرتبطة university , but , in another online channel not مرتبطة بالجامعة the بالجامعة , so , still more than 1 person tell me that it is very difficult and it is better to بقى، this job , but , it مصممة difficult to find another , then , i insist on the .. that 's why here او there it will هي my dream وظيفة .
i have أخدت my internship فى berlin from a very short time .
it كانت something related to the social الاجتماعي , but mostly أزياء , they said as i am مذيعة presenter so , of course i will have a background about fashion and الحاجات , so , i ممكن help .
it was for two to three weeks only and رجعت back .
look بصى every stage has its own حلاوتها points , i miss those days . when i was a student i was enjoying my life , i was sleeping or going outside at any time حياتى، but , now حياتى، feel with بضغط stress دلوقت
at the time when i was a student , i was feeling with stress , but , now i know that stress is much ثانيه .
أنتى think you want to تفكرى old تكبرى، want تكبرى، be better , think what the next step is .
this is good and that 's good , but , of course what i am in بصراحه good as well .
اه , i traveled سافرت باريس بس before , but , it was a من a very long time .
سافرت traveled to berlin as well , more than 1 time مره
i traveled سافرت italy .
mostly were فسح أغلبها .
i سافرت to malaysia because one of my relatives is from malaysia , that 's why i went there .
i سافرت to thailand سافرت
every place has its own الثقافة , so , بتاعتها is something good to بتعرف different and new things كل
look , thailand اكثر the most مختلفة ديانة from us and عن any other culture , because in thailand , الديانة الديانة is بوزيه , it is حاجه very مختلفه religion .
ال .. the food was جدا .
ماكتش , i did n't بجد اكل i can eat there .
they are eating insects and uncooked food .
in malaysia , يعنى was a little bit asian , yes , it was similar to it , but in ماليزيا is a country which has foreigners وفى it has everything you need فكل so , everything ليها .. has the .. things known by its country بتاعتها، كل الحاجه has its بتاعتها، culture .
of course أوروبا حاجه is something completely different .
we are احنا on something completely different .
maybe what makes asia different , that فيها has many activities like swimming with الفيل elephant , or anything related to fun .
بس , europe known by its high عادي .
فينيسيا and milano , why ? because .
why ليه؟ because , venice it is an extremely good country , حاجة idea that the way of your transportation is by using something like مركب small boat , makes you feel that everything is going بزي ease and خفيفه، لذيذة، . فيها you can feel with a great elegance .
and milano , because it is known by أزياء , and i adore حاجه called fashion , there is an شياكه في the .. in the .. in the .. way of walking , not the way to wear the clothes , but , في the way of المشى itself .
that is me , دي يعنى as my personality .
no . at first هفكر i will think , because it will depend on the job , what it will be this bob , if it is عايزاها i like or لأ؟ ? what is he language اللغه ?
so , if it is paris مثلا i will هاقولك you انا , because i was learning french at the school time .
بس , still , what will be the الوظيفة ?
am i going to like this job or not ?
is is it good or not حلوة؟
هت هت .. is it going to suit me ولا هغير مساري خالص؟ to switch and change the career خالص؟
all of كلها are going هتفرق make a هتفرق with me , if i am going to agree or not .
سافرت .
not too much as well .
فى are many things كتير do n't ماعرفهاش ماعرفهاش
i رحت before الاقصر luxor واسوان aswan رحت
هتجنن want to go to dahab و i never went there .
i went before to اسكندرية , and all these .. known places .
but , it was too many here كثير egypt . .
and of course i طبعا طبعا fayoum before .
but , i did n't go to many places here in كتير .
من سنتين years ago , i حادثة a big accident جدا
i lost memory for we can say two or three days تلاتة
أيام مافتكرهمش do n't remember at all .
and the accident was not here هنا تانيه , it happened in another governorate تانيه
مافتكرش i ca n't برضه مافتكرش there تفاصيل many details as كثيره i ca n't remember وشوفت but , i heard and i knew أنا أنا was almost near to lose my life in a second .
i was receiving a treatment for 4 months , i was having many injuries in my body result من this accident جدا
in كل place in my body .
من telling you details يعنى
but , after i knew ان i lost memory and i knew that it was for two three days it is a short time تلاتة so , i found فاكرة i am still able to remember بكل old memories except the details of الحادثة accident , that 's why i asked حسيت why am i feeling upset ? مافيش is nothing to make me feel upset عليها
من that time of ساعتها accident , my way of thinking changed . for example : if there is الزعل happened that might annoy me , so , انا will take the decision to think ان it is الزعل deserves to get upset on it or not . the same , if lost عارف job or i argued with someone مين، because there اكثر other important حاجات to thin about .
بص , both are good , but , sometimes i think if i am الفكره to بشتغل with a فريق so , i will depend on them , and i may not work , but , لو i am going to مابشتغلش by myself , then , i will work more and faster . ..
بفضل usually encourage and motivate .
i am from the persons who usually gives motivation للناس people .
أقول have to encourage and وأدى motivation and start by saying that if we are not going to do x , then كذا، كذا can we do , trying نرجعه save ماتقعش تانى remained خالص
of course بصى manager , and لو we are talking about بقى outside the الجامعة , then , it will be of course my بابايا and مامتى طبعا .
of طبعا because they are the ones who are usually motivate and encourage بيشجعونى on كل حاجه my life whether a job , علاقة سواء anything حاجه my life .
they are the most واقفين who can support me , حتى in the worst situations . .
respected , because if people .. لو they respect you , they will be لو .. already liked من .. from all the people , but , if you are liked , then , it is not a condition to be respected .
you can be liked because of .. لشكلك، look , لحاجة good عملتيها did , لكن , not for your personality .
no , it is a little bit easy , because i always like to spend time at home , يعني انا am not very sociable with الناس .
if it is less , no .
if it is too much و so , i .. i find myself ca n't deal شويه much .
i feel they هم different .
i feel ان هم in attitude where i ca n't be fake لإن there is too much fakeness كثير
look , it هى something i بحبها and do n't like at فى نفس time in my personality , that انا am very kind with الناس people , و that is something .. good and bad at the same time .
why حلوة؟ it good حلوة؟
ليه is it حلوة؟ ? because i ca n't leave a حد who needs a حاجه from me without اعملها him/her مابعرفش
i , it is must be me .. it is not .. اجبار انا not something mandatory , but , i like to help , i حابة to work اعمل، i like اتكلم، talk , i like to stand , i like حابة، like , but , at the same time , there is a point i reach where i feel that i stressed on myself .
you are kind , so , there is no problem if we يعنى مشكله on عليها .
lying .
sometimes i ساعات i am باردة باردة .
something weird ?
look , there is something i usually do , but it is slightly weird , for example : if i bought any earring , whatever it is , there is right side and left حلق، , so , i have to wear the right piece in اليمين right side , و ناحية left piece فى اليمين right side , and it must be returned , and if this not happened , then , it will be one من الزمن big problems .
لو i knew that اللي person who is talking in front of عليا هو lying , so , this .. this stressed me and i feel that i ca n't اثبت the العكس .
بمثل .
yes ده i usually do بعمل .
i usually بدخل different topics together to show my qualifications , that i have x , y و ده .
look , if i am talking with قريب close person , then , she will عارف that i am telling her fake things , but , if i talked with someone not close to me , she would get impressed with my way in حاسس , and that is not طبعا . .
no , impossible .
all my life depends on it .
i have whatsapp و انستجرام , اصلا all my work is on عليه
i use الانستجرام and التواصل media in general for my work , so فانا mobile phone is كل my life .
okay . i can convince you تبقوا do career shift and become presenters .
why to تبقى presenters ? because now you if i am going to عملت an interview you did n't think for مثلا i while doing this مقابلة with عملت , is she a مذيعة، or not مذيعة، and then what ?
no .
فانا , i see that while doing an interview with me , you عملت a شايفة confidence in yourself .
رتبت your questions اسئلتك
عملت did a script or both of you did a very good script .
اتكلمتوا talked with a very organized way to prove yourselves مذيعين مذيعين .
therefore , this makes يخليني see that the question was arranged , everything was going organized , and the النص itself was prepared , actually all the ideas are ready .
فده , this makes me feel convinced that you can be presenters .
so , this can ممكن تلاقوا تفكروا yourselves , why am أنا not be a presenter مذيع؟
انا نجحت in .. in ال .. in the thing i am doing , and in asking her the questions and she answered all the questions , and we did n't feel that she lost , but on the other hand ازاي found that everything was going smoothly and مرتبين , and that of course تبقوا يديكوا you feel مذيعين confidence to become presenters .
it is not مش to بالشهادة certificate at all .
yes اه i am متخرجة متخرجة إعلام إعلام , but all .. half نص number of the الناس .. half the number of people who work in this field
the talent و ثقة ثقة .
if you felt with a high self confidence , then , this will help to let you become a presenter . .
أنا أنا from alexandria .
my background is بتاعتي أنا at national school , english only .
i دخلت دخلت the university .. faculty of هندسة , i already took the decision to go to the faculty of engineering .
in the beginning , i بفكر the decision to اخش to mechatronics وبعدين then i قررت the decision to switch to another department .
مع studying , i liked computer engineering in general , computer science as programming in specific .
فغيرت , i shifted .. i shifted the التخصص , and i decided to أروح computer science . later بعدين , أنا decided to shift the major once again أن i decided to change and حبيت another subjects in حاسبات science , because i liked to study الحاجات subjects .
that 's it .. ده كان at في 2nd year .. the القرار .. i took the القرار from the 2nd year في university , but actually after the first term i felt i need to change and shift to another section ان
أيه are we studying in حاسبات science ?
okay . it is mainly برمجة and then we ليها خدنا theoretical subjects related بالكمبيوتر computer and computer programming . and وبعدين , حاجات studied things related to signals audio video processing and الصور processing .
and غالبا this is what كنا have taken and studied or we can say this is what at least i enjoyed or مهتم to مهتم .
moreover , there were courses about course hardware , but , i did n't enjoy or care studying it .
my bachelor project was التفاعل about hci and machine التعلم and image processing all بين . it was a facial emotion recognition , and it was n't here in مصر , it was at a university in germany in شتوتغارت .
i have worked on this المشروع , doing research for 3 شهور and تنفيذ for another شهور months and that 's it بس
that .. ده 's what i يعني about my project .
and by the end of this project , طلعنا got output only .
أه بعد on قررت i decided أن continue my ماجستير and do masters as long أني i liked الأبحاث academic field because i liked doing research and reading الأبحاث . in general , research is حتى more important than من idea التدريس التدريس itself .
i liked the academic field very much because i felt with the creativity , و everyday i read and learn جديدة جديدة حاجات and i can shift the field easily , without بعمل any modularity حاجة .
my أول routine , when i wake up in the morning , i take a دش and go باخد the work عادي except في الأجازات weekends طبعا يعني , i .. باروح to my work .
if i عندي time , i would drink coffee , and then start الشغل work , if not , وقت , i start الشغل work and during a free time i bring a القهوة .
but , it is a must to have a coffee in the first 2 hours of my life وبعدين then continue my شغل , and later on after 4 or خمس hours i have القهوة as well .
يعني .. we can say that coffee is from اللي main things at my work , because it فيه me يعنى أواصل working .
بس , sometimes i do n't take my ساعات و ساعات شغال is not a part from my daily الروتين . from الروتين routine , once i woke up , it is حاجة must to listen to songs , and الأغاني songs affect me positively while working or not .
بتساعدني always listen to الأغاني , .. songs help me في صاحى . listening to songs help me to بركز احسن احسن and help me to feel relax .
that 's my daily ال .. my routine depends mainly on coffee و الموسيقى .
i listen more بسمع arabic الأغاني because i بحب old arabic songs .. i listen to any singer , so , i ca n't أقولك أقولك a specific one whom i listen to .
i can اقول you a name , but , هو ca n't say that this is the only singer whom i listen to his songs only and all the time , i like to hear كتيرة singers .. but mostly , i listen to عربي songs و oriental music .. if i got a chance to attend an oriental musical concert , i would n't miss this يعنى and go immediately .
in the الأسبوع , i return back to my family in alexandria , as i am .. مش مش not من القاهرة، لأهلي .
a whole day i ببقى مع my friends , عند one of our friend 's home صاحبي
i spend all the day and return back home late at night .
i spend كله the بقعد مع my family and mainly on كل saturday there are football ماتشات , so on ماتشات i watch أهلي games and spend the day مع my family .
أه , it is included in my day , but , it is not everyday , at least i لازم a كتاب في a month , and أغلب of the books i read are روايات whether arabic أو english , there is nothing specific . also , بما i like writing , so , reading is very important for me .
لأ , i do n't read books to .. i mean , for me books help me بتبقى أخد experiences more than taking a specific مقولة . what attracts me is القصة القصة itself , not a certain مقولة , actually i do n't قصص on quotes while reading a الكتب .
we can say that writing may يكون me to بتحسن my way in writing أسلوبي لكن , this does n't mean أخد ( الكتابة ) حاجة محددة part from a قرتها i read before .
okay . there is a كتاب i قريه read from few months قريب , مش is not the last book i read , but it is .. it is from the books that influenced me , it is في كتاب for tawfik الحكيم hakem أسمه `` people of the cave '' .
هو is talking about بيحكي story of the الكهف اللي people of the cave '' which is almost mentioned in all religions , but , الفكرة idea that بيحكيها wrote بيحكيها by a different way .
هو imagined the characters الموجودة the story as if they كشخصيات real حقيقية we know أو they موجودة موجودة في this era و he started to يتصور لو those persons woke up and started to see things علاقة بالواقع بالواقع real world هما كانوا already exist in from hundreds or مئات years ago .. i ca n't remember the number السنين years .. و the idea is how those persons are going to interact in the 2 eras .
because those persons are going to يتفاعلوا and according to the values they knew , they found everything changed و the society itself changed .. although this new society is the one they hoped to live in , but they found themselves ca n't adapt and there is a struggle inside them between this is the المجتمع they wished to live in before and their disability يتأقلموا adapt this new situation , مع هم woke up young ش .. without any change .
there is a movie called the perks of تكون a أسمه خجولا خجولا
the movie is good , because it is talking قصة unsocial ( introvert ) شخص who is المشاكل from بعض psychological problems النفسية
but , the main idea , i do n't care to watch movies talking about بشوف persons .
غالبا because .. they mainly focus on stories talking about الناس problems more than قصص talking about introvert ( اللزوم ) persons .
the character in the movie was عنده from a big problem during his الثانوية school و و the أزاي بقى us how this person started to deal with the situation .. the القصة itself contains many details .
but , it was a good movie , and its story هو written in a book , and i كان this book after watched شوفت الفيلم .
موسيقار .
i like music في
بعزف play music a little , but the idea أن i like composing و .. و singing as well , but i am لا sure if singing likes me as well or not , but at least .. the other things , yes .
so , .. yes , but the المشكلة is , ده needs effort and a very long time أوي and unfortunately we ca n't take بعضيها the things together .
okay . once before i did internship في .. at petroleum company in a desert في hurghada at the mountains and it was شىء a little bit weird because it was something like a معسكر .
people هناك live like that , they live for 2 to 3 weeks and then , 2 to 3 weeks at their place كأجازة a vacation .
it was عبارة experience , it was .. i was عايش alone by myself , and actually that does n't matter with me , to فكرة the idea أن i am living alone in a place away عن any other العالم . you are عايشة in a very little العالم , and that 's .. that 's all you know عن المكان place you are working فيه , and it كان a little bit weird .
it شرط not a must to أتعلمت أتعلمت حاجة , i might learn skills like technical work , i do n't know how to rate my experience , but all i am sure about is عمري هابقى not going to live this life , so , i فقررت the عمري to not work by this .. by this way or routine , i.e . a place of work و at the same time the place to take a vacation .
maybe it is my life when أنا was a student , because أنا ماكنتش n't feel with the pressure of studying and projects .
pressure is not affecting me a lot .
so .. before , i did n't have responsibilities مسئوليات nowadays , اوي am responsible on نفسي , although i am living alone by myself , but , before , the responsibilities بس not too much like today .
before , i was having the فكرة أن for example : أعمل am not able to do x now , i can do it later , but , now the situation is different , انا ca n't do this and delay doing something , because actually i have many things must be done .
i mean أنا have to prepare the tutorial .. before , if أنا did n't بذاكر , then , it would affect بمزاجي by not هجيب high درجات , لكن nowadays , أنا مضطر to اخش it أن my conscience will not allow me to teach a tutorial without being محضر prepared , or to wake up or أياً .
so , anyway , there is a pressure on me regarding things أنا have to do and القواعد لازم have to انفذ , أن while i was a student , there were rules , but , it was not a must .
so , أعتقد أعتقد the .. الطلبة student life was less pressure لكن انا ca n't هقول that i am feeling upset now .
i am not feeling upset , and at the same time the point of بيفرق الضغط does n't make a difference with me .. but i think it was more comfortable for me .
yes , i سافرت سافرت 6 months أعمل do my master project .
no , قول me the ثاني question .
okay . the الفرق is in the experience of traveling , the point that i am living هناك by myself does n't matter for me ان but at least i أتعلمت how أتعلمت cook by انا أطبخ
i was n't cooking here .
although أني am عايش alone by myself , but , i .. making بطلب for any أكل عادى
there , أتعلمت learned how to cook just أن there was أزيد little free time than هنا .
so , .. this was one من التجارب experiences .
there أتعلمت something else , but it is something شخصية , the point is how to adapt myself alone in a place without knowing many فيه .
how , for مثلا .. the point you know people who تكون close to you plus while traveling the situation differs , الناس differ when they traveled and go anywhere else .
and this experience is not only في الماجستير , but also في bachelor او الماجستير master .
أعتقد أعتقد it is the same idea , we are not very far .
the الناس متغيرة جدا different , i mean you may find someone does something different than what he is doing here , and the العكس , so , i have seen all العكس types of people .
ف .. that was my personal experience , i يعني many things in my life , for example not to expect a lot of expectation , because i found people may تبقى after أن far away and traveled . i understood أن .. whatever happens is حسب to the circumstances .
actually there are many places i liked there . there is a مكان في سويسرا called rhine falls , it is بتاعة water falls of a نهر called rhine , and for me it is a very good place .
i كنت going .. i was بروحها there a lot كتير
it مش not very قريبة to me كده، but .. .. in many times أني decided أخد take a day off just only to go there and enjoy the الطبيعية views there , to get relaxed .
اه , if i got the chance .
i عندي عروض offers .
او think , i will travel برة i .. am convinced with the experience found there , it is أحسن يعنى
it is not the idea of just السفر , but it is the point أن anything أحسن need is better there .
so , it will be faster أسرع the idea is .. not اسرع كفاءة faster and more كفاءة .
the أكبر تحول point in أني life is أن انا took the decision to leave عمري family في الاسكندرية , and came here to cairo and live by myself to أدرس in the university , so , i think this is a كبير قرار i took , and all my life changed بعد this decision and even all my relations with all my friends changed , i.e . all my life أتغير .
it made me independent تماما , until i reached a point أني i ca n't بعرف dependent anymore .
و i ca n't اعيش with people , مش متعود متعود to live alone by myself , so , it is not the easiest thing for me .
i think there are other things i liked as well , and i did n't know before that أنا like بحبها i had فاضي time so فجربتها i decided to فجربتها these new فجربتها فأقتنعت finally i discovered أني أني liked them .
all my life time كنت with my family , so , التجربة point to try something new was أقل to be done , but , now i am في free , i can go anywhere and return at أي مكان , أن i do n't have to do something on معين time .
i liked to اشتغل في teams حتى even if the الفرق are not going to work or do anything . for me it is مهم to work in group because get bored if i worked alone .
بس , ببقى دايما usually keen to know everything , and the role بفكرة everyone .. because of the details .. يعني the point is , as أحنا أحنا working in a group , so we have to يبقى all the الشغل together , so , everyone must be updated .. updated to be able to complete the work ندمج merge الحاجة things together with each other .
so , i like to work in teams however .. however بس do n't get upset if i am going to work alone , but i prefer to work in teams .
unfortunately , لأ .
i feel that everyone of us has good things and bad حاجات , so , فلما i found someone does something حلوة , so , انا would بحاول to do like this person , and if he did something wrong , so , i أحاول not neglect it and not اعملها him doing this .
but .. .. overall i ca n't choose someone to be my role model , because الحد course this الحد is not an المجمل أعلى and not doing any mistakes or wrong things , كلنا are humans by the end .
i will هجاوب i 'd rather be respected from all الناس بيها أن i feel convinced by الناس .
محبوب .. i prefer to be liked من the people around مني because in عموما , i try to let الناس respect me , i do n't make a fool of myself , i always try to keep my dignity .
but , for the people who are close to me , i do n't want عايزهم يبقوا feel with my dignity or whatever , they are dealing with me already على a الشخصي المستوى الشخصي
we are dealing like anyone , like .. with my مثلا .
with my family , i do n't care with the point of dealing على me in علاقة , but , the most مهم is love , i مش n't mean قصدي حب , but , the point of مهم itself ..
no , i will need time , because أنا am not a sociable شخص with the persons whom i do n't know before .
so , i .. i am the type of persons who sit في a الزاوية by myself without يتكلم with persons i met for the 1st مرة , although if there are many people , then i can start to talk and share with them .
but , it is not easy for me to أبدأ talking بسهولة
the start is usually hard for me .
i do n't like to talk or share with anyone i do n't know .
as أني أتعاملت with many different people because of the تجارب أتعرضت لها .
أنا live عايش by myself and لوحدي met many people so ف .. i have seen many people from مختلفة social levels و from مختلفة cultures , so , it يعنى not الاجتماعي المستوى only .
it is not social level related و اجتماعي state , but i mean مختلفة social مستويات و different religions من
also , when i traveled بقى i met people there هما هما not of high standard level at all , and even that there كان في respect in the way of dealing and that is something good , و i already اصحاب friends from هناك .
if this person يبقى a close one , on a personal level , so , i do n't like to be مش person قريب، if هو is a حد not close to me , then , i do n't like to be stupid .
i ca n't أستحمل stupidity , if it is from a لو who is not عرفته to me , و i do n't like selfishness from the close الشخص , because في a point , this will يعنى يعنى .
مشاكل can say emotional problems سواء مع my family , god or مع مع my friends , other than that i do n't مابحسش with stress , لا work nor study can let m feel with بضغط .
maybe .
فبما it is emotional , so , we ممكن say it is loneliness as well برضه
so , it يعني this or ده .
so , it could be الوحدة point of loneliness or if عندي have emotional problem with .. with the persons who are close to منى .
بالتأكيد بالتأكيد , i am not saying any non understandable things .
i say words to the الصميم , but it is not a must that هما are the words the want to hear عايزينه
but , ممكن hum , i may أعمل this .
or عملت that كده
but , not to say non understandable words .
لإن انا عارف sure that this person sits in front me , اكيد a great experience and he is able to evaluate me منى، so , for sure he will understand anything i am going to say منى، and will catch me if i am saying any meaningless words .
فانا فبما i لسه before that it is important for me to find people respect me , فانا , i am not going to lose my dignity .
and at this point , طز will say this التقييم is not important for me to be done .
مش do n't عارف عارف
i .. i did n't use social .. social networks for a very long time before , so , it 's no عادى، , that was for months شهور
مش , i did n't get upset .
but , i think without using mobile أن there must be a different life to live .
by this way , i will not be able مثلا work as ده and the mobile مدرس is not going to be a part of my شغلي , و will not be a way مهمة to التواصل with others .
but .. is طب telephone will تليفون موجود؟ ?
i mean , i can contact other people easily , right ?
so , yes , there مشكلة no problem as long as there is another way of communication that أوصل help me to contact للناس others بأخر
it is not a لازم يعنى have a mobile يعنى .
so , the most important for me , that there is a way i can reach them .
okay . so , i will try to convince you to continue you career as an academic field , and ماتكملوش ماتكملوش in الشغل regular type of work .
why ? خاطر احنا are living in egypt , and as we 're both working in the same مجالي مجالي the .. .. the available opportunities are in jobs that are repetitive .
so , in academic field , we do n't اي opportunities in the field of industry and it is something routine , it is not repeated and there is a creativity .
the only thing that is characterized by creativity without تجديد زهق هو the research عموما عموما and the academic المجال .
لأن in الأكاديمي academic life , you are بتتعاملوا with students and doctors every day .
و when بتحضروا conferences , you should ideally attend many conferences so فتتعرفوا get to know people from different universities , different networks , different social levels with different cultures .
so , this is a good and comfortable .
plus there is n't the فكرة of deadlines بتاعة where you 're supposed to have a certain مهمة معينة should be done by a certain time because the
no , in الأكاديمية academic life , you are feeling حر نفسك
اللي is if عايز want to .. عايز ت .. you 're the doctor , so you 're in control of the course , if you want to modify it , you want to be أكثر creative , you want to do some research , and if you get tired من research , then you can take some time off research فهتاخد continue teaching and that 's it .
you أنت the one who can control and mange the time , and بعد you finished تدريس تدريس then , بتاعك can go without any control .
but , here جوا مصر الشغل على الأقل if you are having a مهمة , then , you have to do all your best until completing it .
you may need to stay at الشغل working , you هتقعدوا going to live or die , but , the most important is to finish your المهمة .
plus بيبقى you are going to have this type of clients who are going to ask you to change the things they need and you are going to تبدأوا to تعيدوا the work you did again , and this is not موجود عندنا with us .
you .. أنت are the one who did your own بحث .
you .. you are the one who thought في the idea and took the decision .
so , you are the one who implement الفكرة الفكرة idea .
you are the one who know how to do it .
you go and present your الفكرة idea .
أنت are the one who have a control on كده .
and i think و the point of مدير has no boss .
there is a مدير , اللي هو for sure higher than you in the position , but the way of dealing is not .. is not related by .. .. أنت أنت doctor like him , you have publications and he has publications as well , so , bot of you are talking on اكاديمي level , المفروض is not like an order and you have to do .
this is not موجود in the academic life at all خالص
so , أنا would recommend you to start doing masters , و you are not going to lose anything , at الأقل you are going to try جديدة fields and this will help you to know what أكتر like most , because ماظنش don ’ t think the البكالوريوس studies are enough to help you عايزين you أحنا to do at least at the place we are in .
و maybe .. at that time تقرروا .
or most of the people who do ماجستير and research بيحبوا the .. the .. like more المسار academic career .
and لو ماحبتوش did n't like , you are not going to lose anything , you have حاجة درجة , and with this degree you will be able to use it at any other place , plus you are أحسن than other الناس , أنكوا you have a degree which is something not the certificate itself , but , you learned as well و you are developed at this period دى time .
i am من nasr city .. cairo , nasr مدينة .
i was going to قومية school , and i was studying إنجليزي و french .
since i من at secondary stage , i .. i دخلت to the ثانوية of commerce , english section .. when , i was at the secondary stage , أنا was studying biology , but , i أكمل to go faculty of تجارة english section , و at the same time i want to study إنجليزي , but , i do n't want to go to the أحياء الإتنين pharmacy .
فأنا , since i was at the secondary عامة i took my decision to go هدخل the faculty of تجارة english section , حتى , if أنا got high درجة , and this is what i done , thanks god .
أنا have a baby and he is the one who عندي me up طبعا very early جدا
we wake up preparing the breakfast , then , we wear our clothes and go outside to نوديه my baby to الشغل nursery and then arrive to work .
اه , في أكيد there must be a day specific for my son , to go outside together , something suitable for his age , and another يوم for an outing مع our friends .
لأ .
no skip i مش nothing .
yes , i like listening to music .
i like listening to arabic أسمع و amr diab .
i will enroll him god 's willing in french international .
why ? أنا my جوزي was french وشفت i can وشفت that it was جدا beneficial at شغله , so to تبقى التانية .. language first and الإنجليزي to be التانية فإن would still be good at both that 's why i will enroll him بتاعه french .
well , i have always wanted اشتغل be an accountant in a company .
my father wanted me to work at بنوك but i did n't want banks system so i was determined to work في a company .
yes , for sure i did internships when أنا was في college and it was in banks after finishing college i worked at a company it was my first job and then i worked here .
لأ i prefer my life when i was a student honestly بصراحة، because the responsibility was less , at work definitely the مسؤولية is much more and then i got married and have a baby so no frankly before بصراحة كانت much better .
yes , i have traveled before .
i traveled سافرت thailand .. traveled to thailand .
and definitely i do n't want to go there once more it 's once and that 's it هي was مجرد جميلة and i would like to see another country god 's willing actually شاء would be the next step .
definitely i will do this ده i need a better future for my son .
and he will affect قراري decision whether the البلد تنفع suitable to اعيش in فيها with my husband , و جوزي ابني or not .
the country مشكلة تمام , there is no مشكلة و there would هتبقى better future for my son .
أكيد طبعا , i will go of course god 's الله .
look there is more than one place , in أسبانيا , and in france , و in italy a new بلد actually .
ليه؟ ? to ليه؟ new things . monuments there , outings there , different الحياة , it 's المختلفة، than egypt actually .
yes .
well , it 's the favorite بقى for me for me i have to travel to el الجونة once per year دلوقتي mean for أربع years we have to travel to el gouna كل year .
دي is the place we enjoy visiting the most in egypt .
لما i gave birth لما خلفت gave birth كانت it was a turning point in حياتي حياتي actually .
what changed في شخصيتي character أيه؟
i felt that أنا 'm the حياة لحد، someone else , i يعني he depends عليا عليا in everything i have no idea .. i mean i ca n't do anything without him for example مثلا، it was the turning point in حياتي life for example .
لأ at college i liked working in teams because we اشتغل up with new ideas with each لبعض، , بنساعد كل other بعض، we think in different directions which makes us see different things that i did n't see alone . so ماشوفتهاش، working in teams is of course much أفضل .
my father , my father is my role المثل بتاعي
he is the أحسن واحد i have ever seen in حياتي life مثلا
there is someone at work also reminds me of my father , as كده i have n't seen anybody like him .
he is محترمة، respected person , that help people الناس، who make no harm تأذي anybody , he is a person who do good for others حد، so actually both of them are the أحسن people i have ever seen in life .
respected .
respected is .. غصب عنه like me i mean forced % h .. he will look good to me but like كويسة is not كويسة .. , i mean i ca n't like you يعني، but respect if ماقدرش are fine that 's it i will respect .
بصي i took time هو till understanding the other person but it كويس fine % ه .. % h i mean هكمل will go on with him , if أوي do n't feet at ease there would be حدود so i take time and people get to know me say that we أفهم that we were totally different it 's only to know if اللي other person is good ولا not .
it can be if i felt ان he هو a person who does n't want good for others or who أنا gossiping about people , if i عرفت something with قولتله and i knew ان he shared it with others which actually حصلت before and is currently actually happening with someone , that 's it will be closed his file that 's مش i do n't want to know أعرفه again .
me for example like to بحب actually ... i mean keep secrets و like good for others these are the two الحاجتين that i like to find in others and بحب good for others thank god really .
no no i have no مشكلة in this issue , i can adapt with others , i mean it أنا normal .
work و ال .. home مسئولية , the baby i mean not responsibility .. the baby these are the most things .. both مع sometime i need to slightly take a الإتنين , so the issue is very hard أوي .
well , it 's of course i يعني try actually because my son does n't spend much time with كتير so i try after returning back % ب .. بخلي كله time with him as i قولت that on يوم and we go out with ليه to compensate him that we do n't spend كبير time with him during the week .
الشغل الشغل you are at work so there is no مشكلة but it 's % k .. ضغط no more .
no , i have just been في this problem recently and i said i قريب no idea that 's it actually i يعني it 's ما .. not مش will not be able to talk and it seems that i do n't know so that 's it i will not هحرج نفسي myself and i do n't عارفة، there is مشكلة problem actually .
no , no he accepted that there is no مشكلة، , he asked me another question .
no , i ca n't أعيش غير a mobile موبايل
why ليه؟ i will feel that it 's safe ع people who will be far away from عني، عني، i mean ابني، son ابني، husband and parents .
i can go to my parents و sometimes for example when i 'm tired it 's much easier للواحد، أكلمه him so the mobile هو something crucial now للواحد، no no .
you have to تسافروا abroad
لازم have to travel abroad i mean we احنا older than you and احنا are trying to take this step actually .
and the education is much أحسن
and what i أنت يستحق as well may be is not equivalent of what i انت دافعها .
so فيها، currently i focus لإبني دلوقتي لإبني this is the step in which i 'm in دي الخطوة i want him to ميت a life hundred times better than me مرة
for better المستقبل god 's willing