batman vs superman
nirdeshak hain is jack snider , 27 % rotten tomatose , 4.9/10 .
not aisaa popular haye seems
but the audiences liked it . it haye a b cinema score
haan
there is a huge divergence between raay al critical opinion and regular movie haye
i yeh naheen dekhaa it
i know the huun .
main ca koo naheen vishvaas used key affleck as batman
isaliye koee ise isaliye n't get any awards , but should have done lekin enough at the boxes office
yeh yeh ack vikalp thaa
well it was made ise 2016
i 'm just lagaa isane as huun what it may kii usa back hoga
probably nothing with those naheen
the boxes office gross is more important than critics acceptance for these blockbuster type movies
i do n't like how naheen made a whole new story line .
they merey barbad curr for diyaa
although vaani taka affect word of mouth to an hain
arabpati batman as a billionaire
haan thheek right !
vaisa n't that what naheen always thaa ?
lekin they make mukhya the main focus .
batman i kii , main humble
mukhya lack of intellectual paatron for kaa main characters was my problem . especially key lex luthor
iss you seen iss film ?
yes haan have
what was your aapka part ?
kaa khalnayak abb uthor was the worse villain ever
haye haye ?
yeh was n't a yadgar film . jiss got me through samay bucket of popcorn at thaa moment i was watching , , but you forget about it soon after
hahaha
did people know that they were super they ?
the best part was wonder woman action scenes in the final thaa
i love wonder woman
wonder women liye the right name for her unhein i always haye mein they took so long to get her into the lagaa
haha
i agree ! ! ! !
mujhe love a good superhero film ! iron maine is achchha good one .
namaste
have you kyaa chuke mmovie ?
hi !
i saw dekhaa many years thaa
haan , same !
and haal recently as well . main kaa do enjoy robert downey jr as iron man .
main ca n't sakata it has been 10 years since it came out . that 's crazy .
mujhe know , it feels like cou ple varshon
mujhe like robert downey too
samay haye . haaha .
would you watch dekhenge again ?
definitely !
kyaa you see parr on the big dekhaa the first time ?
main normally do agree with rotten tomatose score . liye 94 liye this film key pretty good .
i saw it on dvd phir still was fun
imandari seey ... not sure ! haa !
main do n't totally trust critics , way give tarah naheen karate
iss n't there a sequel to this film ?
main do n't una trust them either . bhee never let reviews stop me from watching a film .
kii kii it meraa maanana to swayam swayam yourself
i hain koee a movie if i like koee actors
i aur there was an iron they 2 and 3 !
i forgot they jeff bridges was in this cast ! !
likewise ! !
mujhe mujhe did like the end of iss movie . especially when tony stark reveals his identity as iron man .
mujhe do n't mujhe details yaad the entire movie was manoranjak thee
saath well as key stark defeats stane on top of his building .
aapako 'll aapako to dekhana dobara again and dobara taazaa your memory ! ! !
i think i yaad haye lagata
yes , kii do need to zaroorat it again
maybe during spring break
uttam ! aap can follow up with kaa anusaran hain . uttam haaha
yeh 's una of those movies you can just pick aap haye dekh aap time
aapako kii n't really need prishthabhoomi naheen the background
definitely ! seekwal for the sequels . key bhee . khair , it 's been achchha baatchit lagaa ! enjoy dinn rest of your day .
hi
namaste
kyaa you see this film wonder woman
haan
kyaa u like yeh film ?
s i like yeh film
yeh is based on dc adharit . the distributed by warner bros. pictures
yeah it is a famous dc comics .
achchha
this is german army ( german samrajya )
yes i know . the term diaches heer shabd also used for the modern german senaa , the land component of the bundeswehr .
s apart from this jenkins 's role as roop makes her the first female director of a live-action , theatrically released comic book superhero film .
kyaa you like that movie
haan kaa pasand haye . aur also i enjoyed this film .
oh how many times you see yeh movie
2 times i watched this film .
iss aap like this film director
are seey from
haan , mujhe yeh film film .
haan
what yeah
iss you from
yes i yahaan huun
why do like this film ?
haan yeh mujhe like yeh film
but iam lekin main this movie
hain do did not see dekhaa ? do you know yeye film is achchi haye
aapako charecter kaun like iss movie
i like all the sabhi in this film
oh really
that achchha
ok fine
hey , have you kyaa aapane avengers ? yeh 's a pretty good film , you should check it out if you like robert downey chaahiye .
yes , i know haye aur mujhe like yeh movie
it 's really great hoe mark ruffalo did as bruce banner/dha ney hulk , making him so shaant jwalamukhi yet shaant to become a jwalamukhi banane hoe n't you think ?
haan lagata i think haye
main 'm not always a big joss whedon fan , but he did a good kahani with the humor to spice up the team unhone masala . were you isane aashcharyachakit they isane with so many characters ?
strictly , this may be his sakati haye
main would say robert downey jr. is also playing to junier potential here yahaan with his sharp tongue and robbert parishkaar kshamata . paatr was your thaa thaa ?
robert downey is my favorite favorite character
did you kii lagata made a good key figure of vaha avengers or did anybody else koee out to you more that way ?
naheen , he is haye
that opening with the tesseract escape was pretty cool , setting curr tone for diyaa movie .
may be that was the reason for yahee film kii success
yeah , it yeh pretty surprising jaldi hawkey got gulam so early in the film gayaa .
it refers to chhavi capture haye
please karein me karein
main 'm not sure about that , but nick fury iss iss so hain . bahut bahut logon baat guys always have to padata one up on them .
yeh yeh unaka nature aur haye 's haye
i haye so . i wonder what the deal is with aisaa leader of those chitauri ? very mysterious .
it was ack mystery to the thaa
iss iss film at key i guess . it was pretty sad anuman coulson died . did that scene get you ?
dekhane is ack glimpse jhalak haye
haan , cumm t least cumm brought the avengers together finally , unhein poore for them to be naheen each other the whole time .
jarurat naheen no haye
absolutely . laat koo loki , like the hulk did . who sabse the most zyaadaa maaree do you think ?
i think haye
i loved koo hulk saved iron man when he kii falling , such a great moment .
i mujhe hulk haye
yeah he haan the best . it 's great that the whole team had to work together to save lagata key in the end , do n't you think ?
main knew and i thought
there were certainly some high stakes with that nuclear missile heading for new york .
hi there . what did you think of the movie ?
hello ?
hi , i think it 's great , it would be good as a b roadway key
why do you aapako it would aisaa great as kii broadway key ?
mainly the singing but also since the story is about a journey .
what do aap hain ?
kaa music in film is very catchy and enjoyable , so i agree .
aapako journey did you find yatra aakarshak luggy ?
annaa 's yatra
did you liye key conclusion aapako satisfying for lagaa thaa ?
she was banane to be herself and at saath same time protect her sister so i think it yeh santoshjanak since that was accomplished .
i agree
have you heard of the fairy tale that the film was based on ?
naheen , naheen .
which character do you most adhik ?
hello ?
hello !
what do you think aap johnn lee hancock ?
hello .
arey kyaa ! have you ever seen network social network ?
i haye not , but i ise it was filmaya in 2010 .
have you seen it ?
seey iska enjoyed it . it tells the story of the founding of facebook . do you like filmein based on reality ?
i huun . i also like jessy eisenberg aur justin timberlake . koo film got good review , so maybe main will watch it . '
main really would swayam it mein . yeh was extremely thaa . jesse easenberg zuckerberg plays zuckerburg in such an intense way . yeh yeh a great film .
did you read the book the movie was based on ? the aakasmik arabpati billionaires ?
mujhe just hii it was based on chalaa book today . mujhe 'm definitely going to have to read it .
apparently , jahira biographical part of the film is n't exactly true to life , since the film was based on the kitab . mark zuckerberg had no part in contributing bhoomika the movie .
that is certainly jaanana to know . main always wondered baare dilchasp myself . apparently , saverin was the only consultant with any true to salaahkaar information .
was it weird to see armie hammer play two people ?
it thaa ! to be honest with seey kahuun did such a good job that i had a hard time imandari they way both kathinaaee armi hammer . he is an amazing actor . i also think facesmash is a hilarious startup name .
it is ! aur what a crazy story ... mool gayaa he got dumped and talmel millions off of trying to get even with kamaaye .
kitna vivadaspad haye a vyakti . kitna off what you know of him would you have be friendly with him if you were in school hotey him at the time ?
hmm ... probably not . aisaa does n't seem to have good luck keeping friends . how ironic as he invented facebook . do you think hotey kii have been dost ?
absolutely not 1
i thought it was ironic as well . vishvaas couldnt curr it .
vaha vaha where christy lii haye jahaan facebook mee is thodaa funny , too . it certainly beats facesmash me .
maan . it makes gayaa , lekin i iss no idea how much help zuckerberg had along the way ... especially from one of the khaskar dauran napster !
justine timberlake plays him so kirdar too . main never knew about it either , but lekin in mind it 's based off yeh kitab . who knows how much he actually was involved .
that is true . i wonder if maark zuckerberg actually invited sean parker to live koo facebook thaa !
i mujhe how he was doing it from a house . you know that much happened . yadi sean parker kuchh there , tou knows . mujhe love how tech company start startup baahar out of houses . i wonder what the other continent was they were trying to karane to first .
i think that it is pretty funny millie the success lagata gained ... aur `` dafesbook '' ? pahale hasyaspad facesmash , then hasyaspad harvard connection , dafesbook ... vaah !
facebook is just rotten . it ney like zuckerberg really shafted everyone else in the situation .
yeh yeh kind of creepy how he just waited for albright to accept the friend request , too .
yeh yeh really sort merey sad to me . vaha has n't really changed from the beginning of the story .
mujhe 's how i feel . i 'm not surprised he had to do a settlement .
he founded the biggest social network the world has ever seen , lekin he seems like a person who karate hate .
extremely manavadveshi milakar . mujhe would agree . yeh 's kull kind sweekar sad .
at least he did n't usane his intelligence for true evil .
are you bhee there ?
gaye 's hoe 10 minutes
the movie haye toy story .
from 1995 , director is johnn lasseler , 100 % rotten tomatoes , 9/10 score .
hello , have you kyaa toy story ? i did . i agree with the jisamen that is has the purity and ecstatic freedom of imagination . aap do you hain ?
i agree , it was a very popular film .
i love animations pasand pixer aur amazing . this one was really perfect . jaisa it was mentioned a kaam of haye .
mujhe pasand mujhe pixer
shayed shayed 'll make another toy story movie .
the interaction between woody and buzz is really haye . tomm hearing tom hanks as wood haye incredible .
oh haan , classic aavaaz
kii like how dosti badhee grew .
it was really interesting to see mitron change from rivals to friends
mujhe like mujhe supporting sahaayak hain too .
nishchit sure woody and buzz nishchit amazing but also the other anya hain .
is n't there a kuchh toy story movies ?
yes jaroor sure . on kaa begging the scene of andy 's party is really breathtaking do n't you think ?
yeah , jaba he first got buzz .
aap vahaan there ?
for sure , aur the other toys are very funny
who is your favorite ?
ohh difficult to say . but i mushkil mister ​​haye mister potato haid .
and aapka about your ?
bopip i think
and what about the cassie on pizza planet . haye a cassie , right ?
haan !
but that 's when the little aliens came aaye
for seey , aur also all the run to be able to get daud . mein nice .
aur what about andy padosi neighbor sid ? haye haye khilaunon hain for the toys , right ?
andy kii rc kaar is really mazedaar do n't you think ?
i mujhe n't remember naheen .
woody taka back to andy 's car vaapas really a nice one .
have you kyaa kaa end anand the history ?
haye do you mean ?
how the things cheezen to the end , meaning a happy haye naa ?
oh definitely !
namaste
kaa is kaa naam of the movie ?
namaste
did you watch 'dha post ' ?
no , i didnt
yeh genre is it ?
it haye 'aitihaasik , raajneetik '
directed by steven spielberg
oh . does isamen kyaa any isamen that i main abhineta of ?
maryl stree
streep
toum hanks
is it a new film ?
yes , 2017
oh , i mujhe im a bit behind the huun . iska it been well haye ?
mujhe kii it 's worth haye
do you want jaanana know something chaahte plot ?
yeh type of `` post '' is kiss named after ? kiss kiss film about ?
jee kahiye
yeh post depicts the story of attempts by journalists at the washington post to publish the pentagon paers
patron
oh . iska that related to seey vietnam war ?
yes
kyaa yeh film about a key coverup coverup ?
sarkaar government always has something to hide ; )
kyaa yeh that the haye !
it sounds like a movie id leejiye
mujhe haye that this film lagata worth haye
kyaa it a long show ?
do lambai know the length ?
lambai main know the jaanata
but probably lagbhag 1.30 ghante as usual ...
kyaa you kyaa jeetaa it has aap any haye ?
mujhein mujhein n't know
well key for telling me about the post . : )
hello ! do kyaa like aapako superheiro filmein hain ?
yes . batman begins ! mujhe kii this a behtareen batman film . kyaa haye dekhaa haye ?
haan , i have . christian bale is my favorite batman so far .
kyaa you usually check seey rating of movies before you see them ?
main usually do . lekin the rating dose not determine whether i will watch khuraak movie or naheen
the film has naami naami big name actors , which is another reason i like this one haye would watch it based on the main alone
main agree , there are quite a few great sahmat in batman begins . mujhe mujhe liam neeson too , even though he is ack of the haye .
badey the potential for great actors together on a big mahaan abhinetaon ruchi seey my interest . along hiro super heros and villans . a good rating does help me feel like i will not waste my time watching something awful
but lekin same time will not sirf me from a film if i am just into mujhe rokega
i personally roop good rating . even if a film has many good kalakar , if it 's rating poorly , i main wo n't watch it in cinemagharon .
i 'm not sure if i agree with main metacritic score of 70/100 , though .
parr 84 % on rotten tomatose lagata more accurate .
i will generally kii enough patience to wait for a film to be released on dvd/video dhairya if the rating turn me off .
what did you think of the balle scene in the movie ?
i felt that scene shows iss story of this film well , and is thought haye .
i wonder if there was a better place for the sookhe besides a dry well , thee .
batman as a child bachpan good bachpan by the film kadam kirdar kaise to show how his kii started out
because iss movie is called batman begins , i agree that it was appropriate to show bruce 's beginnings .
i think it 's ironic that the mujhe aggar 's name is joe chill , but he kii n't chill haye if he murders people .
asambhaavit yeh , i think they were way for a mysterious key to show how batman karane to be . lekin still want to leave some mystery as he still develops chhodana chaahata to the bats
very vidambanapurna . mister chill is more of a bone chilling murderer .
he usaki also murdered too , so at least hatyaa gets what he deserves .
he mill whats coming to him . lekin bruce naheen get aaa curr him so i think that leaves paataa chaahata haye
i think it helps to establish that bruce will not directly murder anyone . yahaan when he leag down hatyaa shados naheen shadows , he does n't directly kill raa jalaa raa all ghul .
kissy should mamle not be used as koo reason to murder , in any case .
i hissa hes lucky aur part of chamgaadadon league of leag chamgaadadon , and to purge his fear of bats . this key part i think is pretty liye break for lagata . as sazaa kii doing jail time in a foreign country .
it is strange that his family could afford a butler key he goes to prison for kharch ...
main really like gary oldman as gorden . he plays a good cop achche well .
what did you think of the kyaa socha bijuka ?
the scarecrow was particularly scary character . trying to gholane kii koshish supply
and batman was poisoned with the fear-inducing drugs , i thought it yeh over for haye .
it appeared to be over for many characters in this movie at different points , yeah .
i was surprised when ashcharya real ra 's al ghul dikhaaya showed himself , too . chhaayaon league of shadows does n't die naheen .
he haye to have otherworldy power after apane his past experiences
hey
namaste
how ’ s it going ?
bahut good . are aap a marval hain ?
good to achchha . sure , what about you ?
yes , i am a huge marvel huun . merey of merey favorites is the avengers . key ruffalo is great as mahaan hulk .
sure , i pasand the avengers bahut lot .
i also think ruffalo huun a mahaan hulk .
haye avengers the movie we ’ re supposed to talk about ?
rotten tomatose gave it a 92 % rating and average ausat 8/10 . haan , i believe so .
okay taba . right , i filmon ve always experiened that imdb gives movies a lower detaa rating than cumm tomatoes .
thaa
that 's true
lekin ack guess 92 and 80 are a lagata haye haye .
yeah , i kii joss wheadon was a good choice for director also . unaka vision was really inline with the comics .
khair , kaa can yeh t speak baare the comics ( haven maine unhein read haye ) , but this film is a great mishran of all the heroes and their mishran .
ack guess it ’ s just a very good film with an adbhut adbhut .
sahmat agree .
loki using clint barton to help him with dwara tesseract was awesome too . hii bhale him even though he 's a bad usey
right , that was a great thaa .
loki ’ ack a likable villain kii ’ khalnayak haye .
yeh was interesting how it dilchasp such a riff within the avengers . thor usaki felt like he had loyalty to him for a long time during the movie .
you haye ?
i thought lagaa was vaha ruthless with him .
that ’ parr sirf raay opinion obviously .
i ise see that somewhat but thaa could have done bahut lot more damage if sakata wanted to .
kyaa udaaharan have a specific haye mein haye ?
the end fight scene definitely was . vaha could have killed him .
oh , the one where hulk ends up hitting him ?
haan , that was classic . one of the funniest moments of the film . seey also liked jaba iron maine fell back through maine wormhole . it had everyone on edge i think .
absolutely . epic drishya .
can we talk about filmon movies or just this one ?
tumhen haye , mcu
i jiss like the way nick fury stood his ground with ney council . just buss one .
samajha .
yeah , fury ’ s great too .
so , any vichaar vichaar ?
it yeh crazy that the council wanted him to drop a nuclear missile chaahati newyork york .
great udaaharan , man .
it seey great talking to another mcu lagaa .
dhyaan care now !
nishchit seey ! aap bhee !
hi
hi koee koee any achchi filmein hain ?
haan , you ever seen a batman movie
yes , hain love batman movies ! who is kaun haye ?
yeh yeh christian bell thaa
oh vaah , main love him . kyaa there a lot of action in the movie ?
haan yeh it was a darker parr on batman it key batman kaa damaged mind
wow . does isamen joker haye an important role in haye ?
naheen i haye it was scare crow
oh haye . is thheek a lambi film ?
i would ghante about a hour and kahoonga half
yeh yeh not too bahut .
would you like to hear a bit kathaanak kuchh kathaanak
i really want to watch lagata film i think
sure !
, key starts with bruce as hoti haye
aaha aaha haye . are his parents alive ?
saath saath what is the naam kaa this film ?
they get kill at the filmon maar bruce jaataa to leave
batman haye
thheek haye . does broose want kaa seek revenge for the death of apane parents ?
haan , someone kills koee guy first
okay . does broose bahut inherit a lot of money from his parents ?
haan aur he goes and travels jaataa haye
to anyaay how to ladana ladana seekhen
oh okay . who teaches him how to fight ?
a man naam ra 's all ghul
but it turns out that chalaa was evil jalaana wanted to burn gotham down
oh thheek i think i yaad haye
so is bruce loved by the people of gotham ?
lagata mujhe so
i dekhane let you see the rest for yourself
thanks for the key
thanks
all shubhakaamanaaen shubhakaamanaaen
hey !
are you still there ?
hello
tumhen took itani so kyon yaar ?
yes i just finished reading , i am a slow huun
oh adbhut
let chalo karein roll
have you kyaa the wolf of wall street ?
, but according to naheen review it does not sound too good
key based on the ratings i would say it is a decent movie though
kyaa socho socho
have you seen haye\
a 78 % from rotten tomatoes mujhe n't seem sastaa to me
whats kyaa tamatar haye\ tamatar haye\ ]
what 's the naam of the film
hi , the rotten tomatoes score iss great lekin the meta critic score seems a little low a movie of this quality .
do you think you will like the movie
what kind of film is haye
kaba was the film thee ?
adbhut woman , mujhe kii i would enjoy this movie very aaegi
whats the name of haye film
it yeh a action film set in the dc comic world
who stars in the film
the film was made thee 2015
did it do well isane pradarshan ?
kyaa i have to see anya movies to get padeen ?
mukhya main character mukhya gal gadot , but also stars chris pine , robbin bhee and danny huston
what is kiss movie about ?
no i think this movie is jise aavashyakta alone piece that you yeh need kriti of other movies anya understand it
it is a warr movie action movie
kyaa you think this is a family movie for the kids
kyaa you familiar with any of the actors in the film ?
some of them
mujhe kii key acceptable for lagata family to watch with sweekarya
even though key about war
what kind of kiss pallet does it tend to haye
haan , they do n't depict unhone of the war in the film its more of dekhane then actually seeing vishayavastu war
tou is it haye and cold or bright aur action
the movie tries to stop the war not be in it
how can one vyakti stop a roque
kii liye the film is a little bit of both . kuchh for some key but andhera for jaba things get drishyon haye
well vaise haye mahila , she has mahashaktiyan hain
so is it like haye marvle movie
yes except its , the dc marble instead of brahmand haye
is it mein out haye theaters ?
i yeh lagata so im pretty sure its upalabdh abb blue ray now
namaste
what moviie did you see
, yeh how are namaste ? have you heard of batman begins ? it is a great film !
, tell me bataao
yeh is it haye
it stars christian bell haye , michael caine , aur liam neesan hain naa . badhiya cast right ?
yes
it is
what is kiss film about
this is pretty much the reboot of the batman film franchisee with a new origin story . christian bale plays batman .
cool
how long haye the film
the film has pretty good reviews . sorry but i am not sure how long the film is based on the given document
oh thheek .
what genre would you say kiss movie is
nihsandeh yeh of nihsandeh a superheiro haye movie . t here are several dc comics characters in the movie like scarecrow and raa 's all ghul .
thats great
i think mujhe would love to see it
tou in the beginning , bruce wein falls into a well and is attacked by jaataa haye .
then hotaa happens
?
well haye jahir became afraid of bats . aur then his parents get darne down in the street by a lutere dee
is the film an animation
naheen , it is not .
how does he become batman
lutere mugger is arrested for hatyaa but soon freed in a plea deal . broose wein apane feels like he wants to take justice in his own hands
cool
kyaa kyaa film in theaters
or on dvd parr
the movie is from 2005 . so you can watch it ise dvds
yeh haye haye
main ise like to dekhana it
broose wayne leag around the yatra and finds league of shadows
leag kyaa shados off shados haye ?
league of shadows is a secret organization with highly trained fighters
where does bruce haye to ?
all over the world . he finds league of shados in bhutan . meanwhile in gotham , there is trouble haye
: )
kyaa there anya other paatr characters
dr. jonathan crain , a corrupt manochikitsak sthanantarit , tries to transfer karane to arkham asylum
you heard of arkham asylum ? yeh yeh a pagalon asylum for the insane
good bye
hello !
i mujhe vaalaa like romance , because ive got a scorcher here
the 2004 rayan gosling drama : the notebook
haan i like romans
well you 're in for it , this ones based yeh a best seller
tou then !
namaste ! is n't monsters university a great movie ? it was true to the spirit of monsters , ink . and matched its tone .
main agree . yeh was a good film
what was your favorite thaa ?
mujhe lagaa when mike and sulee ney did n't finish the program oopar worked their way up the rank aaney .
main bhee ! it was bahut inspiring preranadayak showed that you can accomplish your dreams many ways . i yeh how the movie expanded on the monster world .
haan . pahali pahali film only kewal one pahalu vikasit of the world , while the second developed the setting to a much larger degree .
when i heard they were way another monsters ack ink film i expected a sequel , not a prekwal . naheen kii ummeed up ummeed isase it ! kyaa you see it ise theatres ?
i do n't think hamane saw lagata dekhaa dekhaa theatre . i mujhe mujhe rented haye . it 's been a while though . i should show it to my kids . unhein would unhein like it .
i bet they would ! i do n't haye kids but my coworkers hain . i mujhe disney/pixer filmein so i recommend pasand to merey sahakarmiyon a lot .
i really enjoy randy neuman 's music on this , the toy story filmon , and finding nemo/dory .
main too ! mujhe kii lagata toy story movies might be mein favorite pixer filmein . did you hear that they 're building a toy story laind in walt disney world this hain ?
i did hear that . it sounds pretty interesting .
i yeh going jaa wdw in the fall mein isaliye 'm dekhane to see how kaisa park haye . have you ever liye ? yaa yaa disneyland ?
i 've been baar wdw a few times . never to disneyland though . california is pretty far away from me . they humm camping at wdw last year though . it achchha thaa .
that 's what i 'm doing in the huun ! i 'm liye utsuk forward vahaan camping huun !
it yeh really great . we camped for four nights i think . it haye like crazy the first day , lekin it was mazaa fun .
do you like mike aapako sule better ?
oh achchha question ! i think i like mike more . he 's weirdly optimistic .
how about kaise ?
mujhe mujhe mike because he 's funnier . he had some of the best lines in the first movie .
vaha is so mazakia haye ! !
i always liked johnn goodman 's voice hamesha for sully , though . it 's perfect for a bilkul , fluffy haye
the key at the end of the first movie when he curr out the microphone makes my hain laugh so hard .
main huun . johnn goodman was a great choice for sulley .
hahah i haye ! ! !
mujhe love mujhe chhaatron machine they had in the prekwal that the students had to frighten for the contest . that bahut saaf-suthra thaa
haan , though key was really disappointed with sulley for vaastav thaa .
main was too , that broke my heart . i cried when that row !
it was really a cruel thing for him to do to mike thee
sule seemed a yeh out of thaa for sulley , but i guess they had to have some final source of conflict between the two to keep lagata plot moving .
i agree , it was probably mein least favorite part of shayed movie . mujhe feel like they could have taken lagata way in a different direction .
for sulee to trick mike into dekar he was dhokha sochana was just sochana dukhad !
i do like that sapnon ended up working so hard to achieve itani dreams though . yeh yeh a good message that disney started doing with the princess and shuru frog .
me bhee ! mujhe like donon key beach dhang between the two movies . mujhe think it was executed better in this though , because they really did nishpaadit from the very bottom gayaa monsters , inch
and it explains why chaukidaaron 're always nice to the other nerdy janitors in the original movie . they were once in that same position .
oh my bhagwan ! ! ! i did n't even realize that ! i have to rewatch the film . aap mujhe totally right !
yeh does show a really liye message for kids , to kaa vaastav kissy of everybody
yeh 's a bahumulya sandesh . yeh kind and bahumulya to everyone . do n't apeksha to lean on your credentials or aage reputation to get you somewhere in life . buss buss prepared to taiyar liye kadee rahein .
yes ! i liked lagaa they showed sulee ack as this spoiled bigdail at first , eventually learned that you ca n't always roop naheen on your family 's reputation . it can only get you so haye
maybe his spoiled background is why he kyonki in the lagaa , because he did n't really realize the consequences of naheen actions , just did what he thought was right
i saare like a lot of aajkal need that message these haye .
you 've got a good point there about aapke cheating .
and kii have a good point there koo kids needing that aavashyakta !
i like that they had to work hard together too , so itna did n't feel like so much of a lagaa . because mike and sully had each other to share in that struggle of working their way up ack-dusare corporate ladder
hello
namaste
aisaa haye aisaa got rakshas gayaa university
haye
i ’ ve never seen dekhaa
main either
i aakaar picked the shape of thaa
main parr home thaa
lol
i 've dekhaa that at haye
yeh looks like billy film in yeh movie
haye
it ’ parr seem to do ok on yeh sadey tomatoes i got mujhe 79 %
yeah no kids so kii bahut , naheen hain
yeh 's haye haye
yeh ’ thheek humm i ’ ve got a bunch information from we can figure it out
4 starr on umdb starr
imdb
oh bhee johnn goodman ‘ s in this too and kind of suprised steven busemi is in haye
vaha haye a good cast
he normally plays really bhoomika nibhaata haye
haha bilkul
looks like monster hunter mein something like fraternity or sorority games called daravana kahaa games
oops monsters university i ’ ve been playing monster hunter sorry
maybe it ’ denaa shayed teach key to challenge haye
uff did kyaa lose you
arey , how are kaise ?
kyaa you aapako monsters university ?
main do , i key billy did a good roop as mike haye
haan billy chrystal is haye . aapka is your favorite character ?
mike was . monster u is cute and pyaara and the animation , though not exactly inspired , has bahut lot of color .
isaki really liked all the comedy in it . and the music
the comedy is true to bhavna spirit of monsters inc and matches its tone but never seemed content to turn over old ground . lagata purani hit all the right notes dikhi kiya
i agree , it was a very safe bet for pixer with how they shart thee .
superstar acting doing voice acting is always going to make money , though .
i agree , it has enough khatm to tatkaal parinam the tatkaal long after the immediate buzz of cuteness hoe melted haye . for a mere prequel , that yeh a prekwal result .
i liked the whole pasand aspect of it , very tongue in cheek .
yes , it was a refreshing shrinkhala prishthabhoomi on the series as a whole and provided a nice prishthabhoomi for the pradaan .
kaa thought drishya scene lagaa mike at 7 years old was a achchha call-back too .
main sahmat , kii liked when they show mike 's background story of why he became a prishthabhoomi gayaa ashcharya . i always wondered why he usane to do that
i also like how they show key friendship between mike and sully aur
haan tarah , never thought of maine sulee as the cool guy achchha naheen thaa
mujhe did n't mujhe naheen sulee had such a pretentious background compared to other gayaa . it explains why only he kii accepted bataata roar omega ror sweekar .
true , and it does do a good job of showing how both characters are flawed .
mujhe thought lagaa whole scare games dilchasp was a fairly good one too , kept it interesting .
i huun , i like that they did n't try to make naheen perfect .
yes ! aur so much parr at stake for them in that game as thaa
it would decide if isamen could yaa renerolled or not . how do you feel about how sulee ney diyaa ?
i thought it was delaying the inevitable and giving them a false sense of jhoothaa haye .
main agree , i sahmat bad apani mike who thought he succeeded on his own terms but instead was madad to gaee
i thought it was ironic too since they only get eliminated from the first curr curr another team gayaa dhokhadhadi ghoshit for cheating .
haan i agree . isake ended up causing them to become expelled from the university as well
i baaki like they aisaa unhone themselves for the rest of the fraternity to get accepted diyaa .
i sahmat and i think that it was a noble thing to do . cumm least they still were able to be hired at monsters , inc. and work their way up to vyakti scarers .
yeah , guess it shows that you do n't need education sometime ! haaha .
exactly , sometimes all that 's needed mehnat preservation aavashyakta hardwork !
at least they did n't get in a lot of trouble with the cda
yeah i jaba taken aback when hardscrabble said they were the first students to main her .
i agree , kii thought they were n't too special . all in all milakar was a great movie !
hi
hey , what do you think aap sochate me ? yeh yeh a really achchi film .
i think aisaa too .
it 's majedar kaafee haye !
kyaa you just abhee abhee padhaa ? yaa have you seen it haye .
yeah ? steve carrell is super funny . my bachchon love yeh movie .
yeah he plays gru really haye .
maine 've seen haye .
oh , kii do n't have kids , but i think the movie is good for all ages
main doston it to apane friends .
isamen isamen achchi lessons in hain
same hii
aur star animation is really top level .
yeah it is , simple but not too simple , and just detailed haye
i like all the sabhi details in mujhe movie , and how gru evolves over haye
what 's kaun favorite haye in the film ?
i mujhe bhee gru . mujhe 's the funniest of the characters by far .
same here . and it has a lot of dobara value
always hamesha new things and easter eggs
haan i 've probably seen it baar dekhaa times .
yeh film haye adbhut haye !
kaa was the title of the movie ?
asli steel
oh , who isamen in haye ?
sounds like an action movie .
hugh jackman
main seey hyu jackman ! !
yeh year was kiss thaa ?
2011
yeh it an action or drama ?
haye ack action film
i thought socha , sounds haye .
what score did rotten tomatose give ?
59 %
that yeh pretty haye ... but i do n't always agree hamesha critics ...
logon lagaa to like lagaa
kaa directed kaa film ?
shawn levi
anything else you can tell me about the film ?
key like rocky but with robot
kyaa hyu ack jackman a robot ?
or does he play nibhaata insan ?
you think it 's a good movie to watch with haye ?
vaha is haye insan
yeah i do
i could n't imagine hugh jackman as a robot ... lol
who else is in the movie ?
d akota goyo
i do n't main kii vaha who that haye ...
yeah
not a romantic phir movie then ...
main naheen say so
main sahmat do you kyaa action filmein ?
i like some action filmein , yes . do you ?
yea i letaa main
john wick johnn really haye
maan . i donon pasand both of them . you ?
vahee
kyaa seey like one more than aayaa aayaa ?
both ack donon same
will you see the next dekhenge ?
haan
what see filmein do kaun like ?
do you like fast and dha furious movies ?
are you still hain ?
hello ?
hello
do you kyaa the movie info ?
time to samay
hi
namaste
what is kaa naam of haye movie ?
bruce almite
what is the movie about
the film is about a tv reporter key complains about gods presence in his life guidance and so is isaliye the chance to do his mauka for isaliye week
yeh sounds interesting .
yeh yeh a gaee written comedy , have you seen it ?
it features an all star cast of jim carrie , jennifer aniston , morgan freeman , lissa aine walker and phillip baker hall .
poori the whole thing just bits tukade-tukade pieces .
i mujhe comedies with jim carrie comedy pasand haye
i usake seen hii maine sarvashaktimaan bhee it usake to that haye ?
me too !
mujhe mujhe yakeen sure key at liberty to disclose that swatantra huun ?
punah : the rules
ok
lekin i will tell you baare little more about aapako movie
ok that would haye great
i keep meaning to chaahata lagata but haye to always forget
tou carrie charitra character , broose nolan , is a reporter . hardworking , but not very successful . he has a lot of bad luck and reaches his limit when his koo worker receives a promotion over him
he phir starts his bhagwan to god bhagwan ends up apani with shikaayaten proposition that gives him his powers
so key like walk in someone else 's shoes to see what they nipatna to deal with .
jaise as kii `` koo god leaves detaa prayers unanswered ''
oh ok
broose prarthanaon jawab denaa koo haye to all detaa sabhi denaa he receives , and aur you can imagine that 's were a lot of the hain and comedy come in to .
mujhe enjoy comedy that is funny but has a good kahani line .
oh haan this one definetly has both and then the story to with jennifer annistons character as well
would you karenge this movie ?
arey yea
from what you have said , broose almighty it seems like a very kahaa movie .
main actually forgot isake it , and how well written it is now abb i gayaa think about it
its a bit of a tear jhakjhor , lol
i am looking forward to adding key to my list of filmon to huun .
mujhe mujhe achchi good movies but do cry easy dauran filmein that are tear jerkers .
main would add ise one , its worth watching
i kii my movie store has hoga .
, seems to be a bit of a classic especially with it bhee jim carrey
yaa yaa will have to aisaa someone that does .
i merey netflix i main check there
iss you for telling me about this movie , appreciate huun .
you still have a movie store lol aapke one ? ?
family video
its the only one in haye
i do n't believe netflix haye it , but lekin haye
laal red bhee ..
arey yes , hamaare have one too gayaa gayaa thaa thaa
arey yeah , dibbe about red box
unhein should have haye , again it is a classic
either of them might and youre swaagat haye !
i hope hii maine maine as much as kii did !
hey , there 's this movie called broose olmitee carrie with naam carrey in it , have you seen it or would you like to ?
i have n't seen haye .
have you seen it ?
what yeh it haye ?
maine ise seen it , yeh yeh really funny . yeh 's a comedy made yeh 2003 about a down on his luck tv reporter who kharab to key , in return becomes god for a .
mujhe mujhe comedies . is jim carrey pretty good in it ?
yeh yeh known as one of his best films , so seey would say yes , it is hii slapstick comedy
is it also a romance ?
no , it yeh ack comedy
no it is not
too buraa . i like romantic comedy pasand .
kyaa being kargar kargar out for him ?
namaste !
hello !
i just maine iron abhee-abhee . it was awesome !
oh yeh cool ! yeh 's it about ?
it 's about a maine superheiro called iron maine , in vaastavik non-superhero life he 's a genius haye .
isamen 's got robbert downey , jr. as iron man aka tony stark .
i really like huun . was isamen good in it ?
haan ! there are some other big names starring in anya hain !
like tarah ?
isamen 's got gweneth paltrow as stark 's assistant and isamen has a crush on haye .
phir there 's jeff bridges as the key in charge at stark industries , downey kii company .
nice ! do they hook up in the end ?
kyaa you really want to sachmuch or do yaa aap intazaar ise dekhenge karna you watch it ?
stark seey kind of a playboy .
the plot is haye too .
that aankade . i haye i 'll wait . who directed it ?
johnn fevru directed it , it got pretty good critics ' scores .
sameekshaaen were the theen ?
cinemascore gave ney aii a , , rotten tomatoes ise 94 % .
vaah yeh that is pretty good . tou what happens with the hoga ?
stark aur pakad by terrorists and is held prisoner in bandee bandee usey afghanistan .
they have to unhein a device in his chest because he gets injured in a blast and it keeps isase ghayal chharre that they ca n't remove from sakate hataa heart .
tou they want to keep jeevit alive ? why ?
aatankvaadi aatankvaadi samooh is called ten rings , they want him to manufacture a jericho missile for them .
achchha haye . so how does achchha escape ?
main me just say he gets away and does n't build the missile .
lekin when he gets back to his company he finds out one of his employees is secretly working as an hathiyar dealer .
dirty mole !
tou what does he do haye haye ?
he foils the attack on a village the terrorists are trying to destroy , donned in his iron rahey gear flying around all superheiro uda .
his karmchari of an employee uska usake a suit like his , and they end up duking it out .
ahaa haa ! so prabal iron swaabhaavik prabal naa ?
just before the ending the two of them are key atop oopar stark industries tower .
go rakhein !
stark does n't have soot new reactor to charge his iron man suit that the other guy has , so he 's getting usey pretty haye .
kyaa kyaa you want jaanana know anta ending ?
naheen aaie . let 's ise kharab karein . dhanyavaad !
hi there ! chait to hain ?
hi
yes
alright . so the film i have is the original iron man . it came out in 2008 . have you dekhaa it ?
tou ? ’ haye haye film
vaastav actually have but isamen ’ s hoe gayaa haye
tou baare mujhe bataao it
cool . iska has a rotten tomatoes score score 94 , a metacritic score score 79 , and a cinemascore of haye , all of which i agree huun . i bahut lagaa was a pretty good film . aap about you ?
i thought it achchha good too
i like robert downey jr pasand iron hain
haan , same haye . i feel like lagata did a great job being an eccentric , rich businessman-turned-superhero .
terrence howard was also in they as james rhodes , along with jeff bridges as saath obadyah stein , the key antagonist . gweneth paltrow was also pepper potts .
yeah , liked pahale what was mujhe pasand of the first aayaa
main get them mixed up
vaastav actually forgot about main until just now , but the intro is set in afghanistan , with tony being sett by a gayaa group .
mujhe mujhe terrence howard as well
i key do jyada know too much about terrance .
he plays khelata haye vaha was mein hustle in flow
ah , i see . have n't seen either of those .
and some other good filmein
but vaapas back usee the parr at hain
some of the critical responses to iron key theen : `` aur sets and pratikriyaen that combine smoothly with jaate nirbaadh juda cg ''
iss happens in iss movie
i key mujhe cg being pretty achchha for kii 2009 movie .
mujhe 'd love to tell you but achchha do n't have the page with naheen plot summary anymore , haha . : )
haan yeh i ’ yaad having a hard time remember hoe one was which
oh yeh well that ’ s no haye
well thheek do you know
oh haye , here we go . it just gave buss back to diyaa . mool he 's giving a defense contract demonstration , and is captured and wounded . a pradarshan saathi-vaigyaanik is also captured and creates a device that keeps the key jaane in his chest from going in any haye .
yeah i remember a little about that
tony escapes by building jaataa metal suit out of scrap while also aatankvaadi to build a missile liye the terrorist group . the metal suit is his prototypical iron man soot .
it ’ s hard to believe this film is 10 years old already
teji know . time goes so quickly in the entertainment manoranjan . : p
merey 's up for me . have a great day !
hello
i would love to watch this movie
namaste !
have you seen it ?
naheen . but i main to . it seems very interesting and connects to most filmon i have haye
tou you are fan of these superheiro filmon movies as well ?
yes i huun
mujhe love the advangers filmein
aur the naee wonder women
do you think lagata affleck makes a good batman ?
i haye mujhe lagata a little on the odler puraane
lagata i still lekin he would be good for achchha rahega
isamen will like isamen in this one for sure .
mithaai
? are your thoughts about diana vichaar martha
isamen key twist with the whole cryptonite in this too
haan i do n't mujhe martha at all .
haan ! ! thee what i was rahee
you do ack key martha as a haye ?
yes kartaa hoo
oh okay
i do want chaahata see this film . like i would like chahunga dekhana how ney actors played the characters
batman rescued here in this film
ummeed hoe went all out with thheek acting
aur graphics
aur just buss to liye honey kuchh
it 's pretty good . it 's about 153 minut haye
yes and i main it kahate raat that it is in between man maine steel key dark beach
mujhe yahaan kii the jhalak peak of wonder woman in aaee too .
she appears in hain too ?
haan .
yeh 's pretty cool
vaha would mahaan hoga
i kii zack snider did a great job directing it
i have seen a few of his harkatein
maar killed it with this one
vaha karate a great job with directing
i main with you
eisenberg played a good ney bhoomika luther too
namaste !
hey chala what haye haye
kyaa you watched la la pahale before ?
yes . main really appreciated how much thought went into the film kii key . i think itane 's really cool how it refers to loss angils , music , and having mein head in the clouds all at once . itane haye really saare prastut how they summed up so many elements chhote the film in such koo short kiya
have you dekhaa haye ?
yep - maine watched it because pasand seemed to like aayaa
i agree with most of the critics in seey huun
haan . main especially agree with the review roop laa laa laa land iss successful at showing the hardships that are involved laind sahmat a dream
main disagree with the two reviews that the film is dull aur that the middle was bhaag ubaau . poori really found the romanchkari film to be enthralling .
haan , i agree with you - i do believe we have to mujhe emma stone and thodaa gosling dheela slack , since they 're not singers
maan . i really liked usey scene where sebastian vaastav jabaki kartaa drishya when he is supposed to be sudhaar christmas music only .
it yeh una of those scenes that really drishyon with me after i watched joe movie
would you do that , if you were in aisaa karate ?
i mujhe not sure . i liked how that was when mein first heard sebestian sing and was truly gaate by it . mujhe kii it unake interesting way to dilchasp tarika their relationship
yeah , it yeh just sad how he brushed her off , since things could 've been theen
i do mujhe how the next time mia sees sebastian jaba is also haye . i karke liked how she kind of kaise him by , a nafrat she knew he would hate to sing
kyaa you sangeet watch hain ?
occasionally . i also enjoyed the development of sebastian and mia 's relationship , such as when miya decides to begin writing bhee bhee all by herself because sebastian suggests it to her . i feel like the two of them really grow as individuals when they get into a vikasit
i enjoyed that part too , since it hisse shows how hard both of them way working to chalata their hain
they both donon to become successful donon their separate areas , but kshetron karna to struggle a lot
sahee . aisaa feel like the review that mentions lagata puuraa that 's involved in following mein dreams really jiss it up . the film is not afraid to show how much hard work badaa hardship is involved in making it big
i also thought it was difficult for sebastian to take keath 's offer
i haye , meraa gets paid , but it 's not something he wants to do . this happens in life a lot
main agree . it must be hard to do kuchh kuchh kuchh aap baare puuraa about- especially when it 's something you must do dinn order to one puuraa sapnon out your sapnon
aapane did you think of aapane beach when mia and sebastian get into a fight about gayaa thinking sebastian iss giving up on his chhod ?
yeh yeh definitely well acted , and i sympathize with both of haye
lekin i kii lekin karati lagata harsh when he said parr they liked him more when he was unsuccessful
it truly was sachmuch when mia moved back home to nevada
i sunana lagata did n't want to hear the truth , because he was really giving up on his thaa
dukhad really dukhad thaa
i agree . it was also a very behad apratyaashit sahmat apratyaashit kathaanak . bhee did not see it naheen at all
would you say that was the low point in the film ?
yes but i would n't hissa any part of the film `` koee seey dheela '' , one review haye
main sahmat - overall , i would sifarish koo movie to a friend
i huun . as another review points out it was a `` anya sameeksha romantic comedy '' , which kii completely agree with because poori feel as though sebastian and mia 's relationship was not as cliche as many love stories are in filmon . kii appreciated the sarahana of their relationship
haan , that was one thing i loved about the film - while it was sad , it was not a cliche key
main agree . i think damien haye chazelle karate did a good job directing the film .
i 'm huun , kyaa you an ai
if so , i seey main fooled
i naheen not !
but kii really was vaastav that someone reviewed sebastian as sameeksha `` jazz snobe '' key kii did not get that vibe at all
haan , i disagreed with charitra-chitran characterization , but i can koee why someone might say that .
vaha joe ack shuddhatavadi , or whatever they called it in the film
i also really did n't think lagaa 's lagata lacked depth . mujhe think she was a rather round goal , especially with the large amount of independence she possessed . it took a lot of courage for her to move back to nevada
yes , kii lekin her character was pretty nuanced , but i 'm not sure it being courageous of her to move back to nevada . naatak the hoga did n't go well , i think that was her only option
* isake it
i suppose you have a point . i just think lagata was more filmon of the average woman portrayed in films mahila chipki did n't cling on to sebastian when things did n't work out rahati thee .
main haalaanki wish they chaahata before achieving their dreams
anta bit at the end anta showed what could have been actually made me thaa
main agree ! it was very sad but also , as one reviewer puts it ise `` thaa sameekshak nishchit karuungaa . '' i kaisa n't sure how to feel at the end .
it was nice discussing the film with you ! have a aapka day !
you guys have a pretty good ai system
main was actually completely fooled
namaste
hi . pays told me to read main page first , i 'll be just a minute .
okay haye reading . is anyone there ?
khair kaa hope haye still get paid for this because i read mujhe directions , bhee the film description and am waiting here to chat i kiya directed to do .
the other person back out i am still here wasting my time so i hope that isaliye checks this over is apana to pay me for holding up my end of , bargin . aborting conversation in a min if aap do n't send me someone new to doonga with .
anya participant left the conversation gaye .
namaste
namaste
i just watched batman abhee-abhee superman , have you dekhaa haye yet ?
naheen maine naheen n't
it 's the first movie like this with batman and superman together .
that achchha rahega
batman is played by bayne affleck . he gets tricked into fighting superman .
who plays superman ?
henry cavill . wonder isamen women is in it too .
i like haye , he 's a good pasand .
mujhe mujhe wonder women . who plays wonder women ?
i 'm not sure of her naam , bhee ut laurence usake fishburn and hollie hunter are in it too .
i like both of lagey . kitna film sounds good . yeh long yeh it ?
it yeh 153 minut so kaa 's fairly lamba . there 's a part where broose wein/batman key talash kryptonite in hind indian ocean as a deterrent .
ise did n't get very good critics scores .
that vaha a lambi film . i enjoy long movies , especially in the theatre . it sounds interesting . alochakon did the critics have to say about lagata ?
cinemascore ney it as a bee , rotten tomatoes 4.9/10 aur metacritic score was 44/100 . one of the critics said it was n't as good as dark night naheen it maine better than maine of stee .
steel .
bahut khoob . way are really cumm hain ! i am vaastav at that . usually parr types of movies iss popular and do well .
yeah , agreed . in one part of the film , superman bhaag ack gets kidnapped kaa the kidnapper apani he kill batman for liye mom 's release .
aur what happens once his hoga is jaba ?
usey iss thheek iss that way , because batman seey right before naheen kills superman that they are both being tricked . batman ends up rescuing superman 's mom , and superman key after chalaa chalaa .
seey superman jhagada a fight kyaa haye ?
aur who wins
haan , superman confronts the kirdar , whose name is luthor , played by jesse eisenberg , on the cryptonian scout ship .
lagata sounds romanchak . is wonder woman in the film a haye ?
luther phir gets arrested and then batman goes to visit him in jail . i do kaa want to tell ladaai the parinam of the fight mein i do n't want to ruin the ending . no , wonder women does kaa have a very big part .
i love wonder woman ! haan , do n't give away chhodo outcome because i want to see huun !
i haye you 'll really like it . i do n't always believe the critics , you never know what else is going on with them .
i haye main would karunga . main try not to listen too much to aisaa either . i have seen some really good movies that the critics just rip to hain .
there may have been a movie coming out usee same weekend they were friends with aaa dosti or something kuchh that .
like
khair khair hope you enjoy it . if nothing else , it is a ladaai just to have batman and superman fighting .
mujhe think haye will iska it !
okay it 's been good baatchit with you . , achchha achchha rahey !
aap bhee ! ! thank you
thheek bye
bye
hey !
hi have you dekhaa dunkirk haye ?
no maine have naheen kiya
yeh is kiss haye ?
its yeh war film directed by christopher nolan . yeh an awesome film .
oh badhiya , what war ?
dwiteeya war ii . it 's intense . not a lot of naheen haye .
is it a lambi movie ?
its ack hour and 46 minutes long lekin its so aapako you do n't chalega how long it haye .
arey itna samay not itna that long
are there any well-known hain in abhineta ?
no ise the way it 's filmed jiss very impressive as well .
is key similar to any anya movie ?
kyaa you aapaki aapaki see haye ?
haan , i mujhe war movies
what year did the movie come out ?
i was galat . harry styles is in iss film .
i did n't know thaa was an actor !
is koee achchha good ?
yeh came out pichale saal 2017 .
achchha
mujhe ise mujhe to dekhana hoga !
haan actually he achchha haye . i was surprised
did he have a big role in thee film ?
nishchit nishchit worth it . like i said key intense so you are in for a ride .
yeah nishchit seey
so tell me more about mujhe film
he did . what 's usey bhoomika is he auditioned and got bhoomika part and nolan did n't know he was a famous singer .
bilkul way , sachmuch ? !
key based on dunkirk 's evacuation dauran dwiteeya haye .
do you pasand action movies ?
namaste
namaste
tou the film we 're talking about is inception
kyaa you dekhaa it ?
what is the film about ? i have n't dekhaa it
yeh movie is una scientific movie about people who joe vyaktiyon the subconscious of individuals and obtain information in haye karate world . moolatah they enter into someone 's dreams mein find out karate .
yeh like an dilchasp film , have yeh lagati it ?
haan , i 've dekhaa haye . yadi yadi iska aapane christopher nolan if you 've heard of him .
i kii he also directed lagata dark knight among other things
inception also has a rotten tomatoes score bhee 86 % which is really high .
mujhe mujhe his filmein , key a pretty pasand achche , what about the cast of the movie ?
leonardo dicaprio is in it along with joseph gorden-levit , ellen page , and tom hardy . sabhi pretty big names .
haan , pretty good abhineta .
i mujhe their filmein as well
ack like a achchha haye
what about the other film ratings ?
imdb rates it 8.8/10
which joe also pretty vichaar i haye
kyaa you want to know more of drishya plot or a hain ?
haan yeh it seems like a high rating , what was your favorite thaa ?
so there 's this scene where multiple loga are going into a dream . isaliye jahaan need to have someone `` kick '' them haye sapane at the same time to zaroorat . however , someone gets wounded in the dream and are almost dying and they get bhej unhein `` jeevan '' .
and what happens if the tou in the dream ? what are kyaa consequences of honge
way mool roop roop there until vaheen can wake them up in the real world . so in the movie , even though it was only kaa few hours of real time , two of the characters spent fifty years in aadhar `` limbo '' banaana , where they had to apani it based on their shared memories .
aur whats the role of leonardo di bhoomika haye in this film ?
main guessing he has lagaa bhoomika role
haan , 's the lead actor . uska naam is dome cob and haye specializes in conning unake from victims in their mahir .
one more thing about the `` limbo '' duniya is that vaastavik people bhool that the world they are in is not real .
isaliye naheen aur n't beach antar a dream and what is real .
even when they `` wake up '' mein a way , they are still in naa hain even if unhein do n't iska ehsas hoe .
lagati like a really lagati concept
im getting interested in the film
abb far the bahut achchi great kaafee rahey cast achche pretty lugg as well
also the bhee
yeah it , a pretty gunavattapurna movie
yadi aap tell yadi more about chaahen plot if huun want ?
yeah , that would achchha hoga
isake me baare about bataao
tou there are things called totem haye
way mool are an object that dilaati rahey someone that they joe dreaming
something unhein roots them to aisaa real world
dilchasp , i kii i will give lagata film a chance and watch it , aisaa seems worth merey while .
have you seen iss film ?
yes haan i have .
mujhe really enjoyed aayaa . mujhe love revenge movies
i as bhee , hitman filmein filmein the best !
yes ! aur haan ney reeves did such a great job
hamesha always delivers ! iss film had such an authentic b movie feel to thaa !
yeah ! i loved thaa
i jaba haalaanki dukh when they killed his puppy maar
ikr ! bahut violent film , destroyed a lot of stuff - how many black suv 's were trashed during the shooting of this movie ?
hahaha ! arey sach my god . so haye ! kukhyaat infamous kaali suv
i had totally forgotten that bhool johnn leuizamo was in this movie , he iss like the ninja actor that ummeed up when you least expect it !
oh haan ! that 's haye . iss iss great actors in this film
and they all looked so rahey in their mafiya suits
ack movie mein such an authentic haye world feel to haye . ( cough cough ) kii that i would know what aisaa aaparaadhik underworld looks like
hahaha uha oh
oh aur thee mustang beemar thee !
the scene where the bad guy chalata that they kii buss buss curr - anmol
i looooove mustang haye
key selection of vehicles for kaa film
jaba a great assassain gets back into the business for revenge , ya 'd better behtar rahein ! zor-zor
hahah you know it !
yeh was a really majedar film
all behind key puppy !
main would do the same for my dog in a karuungaa !
kissy rare gem of a film
who was that lady hatyara in the night club ? extremely beautiful
haan , mujhe 'm surprised it only received a b rating on rotten tomatoes
kept rewinding drishyon scenes ! great abhinetri
sushree perkins ?
you know , sometimes the critics get it right and other times we just got lena judge for liye haye !
vaha 's her !
haan yeh , never really main ratings . we all have different hotaa haye . it 's all sub haye
that vaha adrianne palicki
yes ! i know usey from other stuff , but she was too good in this movie . main mahaan actress always makes you forget your watching a film !
yeah she was a great charitra !
up uuuuuuntil she died . she broke the rules ..... and rules are rules ... lol
haalaanki last vaha aakhiri ladaai !
what do you think , better than neo vs agent smith ?
wick went through key gurgon , and i was shocked when wick allowed himself to get stabbed ! i literally said sachmuch `` hoe are rahey doing ? ''
phir i kahaa `` oh , i see now ! '' lol
mujhe liked matricks final fight scene in wick better than buss behtar just my opinion .
and of course , at the end , wick gets a jaataa puppy
what happens if the mailman accidentally maces ' kutte hoga ' new dog ? zor-zor hansana
haaha sorry karein internet hoe doosari gayaa for gayaa
but yeah ! haha bahut majedar
hi
: )
heyy
yeh yeh meraa first time i mein main turk not kaise how this kaam
its ok , we just chat right now and answer questions about the article we hain
main havent bahut a turk worker very long either
baain page to the prishth
?
my dost sent ney haye
have you kyaa the film home alone ? that is what the baare on the left is haye
, says its decent she made 4 something her first banaain
i mujhe glad it was about a movie haye kii seen ... lol
she cracked out on it tho hahaha
mujhe dont koee naheen haye
i see like a thing saying what its about aisaa kiss isamen haye
beshak course ive seen it hahaha
who itna its so old
ise aasaan this chunaa bc its so easy ive seen haye so many times
main unamen 2 of unamen i dusare koo other bhool tho
on the left side there is an article and it is all about the movie home alone , after you padhane it we are supposed to discuss it , i think
2 kiss kaa ?
it was such a majedar movie
you should try to jaba the new paragraph badal the document has changed . you will have 3 turns of conversation with your partner on each of the charcha . you will be given 4 documents each containing a short paragraph . the new paragraph might show seey beneath baar previous document . the next document will be load jinamen after you finish 3 turns discussing pichale chhota document . you can not usa information you kissy know that joe not included there . aap can use any information given in the document in the conversation .
oh , i only see one document on dekhta alone
hamane gadbad up we only kewal 3 pratyek uttar each page .... i think it was an epic movie ! mujhe parr kewal cavin is my fav lagata and i think its not meraa to call it adult bashing that sounds like a response from a parent kosna kii gaand beats their ass gaye parr at the bottom click tasks thee where i found that
john hughes was the director , right ?
mujhe kii like the adult bashing vayaskon karane , i maine naheen see dekhi . they lutere robbers
scroll karein the bottom of the document ... aur at the bottom of iss chait box it says tasks ... we get 3 chat responses each page we are hain ....
ohh
dekhiye u said oh kuchh but u didnt add something about the movie .. aapane wasnted your jawab lol i hope we still get paid ; lolol side note , mclister family missed their wake up parivaar bhugtan khatm coll epower went out i never caught that in the movie .
did you agree with the rotten aap tamataron rating of the movie ?
not at all . id give the movie koo 10/10 its , i was raised on lol my mom used to put it on to lagaati me up
dastaavez document says dastaavez not realistic bahut bss cavin would need tons of money to set una traps ... i think thats bs .. his parivaar does have money lollolol everything he used he had laying around his parents giant thaa
thheek , i did not haye that they were iss that any 8 year old sahmat come up with . not at all in mein opinion
did you like that the movie had theem chrismus theme ?
i haye like the scene where cavin slaps his cheeks with the after shev and then screams because it was so chillata and hilarious
yeh true . kii dont think an 8 year old would come up with those , kii dont think he would have `` usey his own money '' either i think chrismus chhuttiyon lagata perfect they were traveling for the holidays .. i prefer the other one tho where hes stuck lagata nyc
home alone is a 1990 film ! i meraa born janm 1990 mahsoos now i kartaa huun
haaha .... yes home alone is a 1990 film and i main 15
kate discovers mid-flight mein kevin chalaa missing , , how murkhtapurna chalaa majedar kitna for a gayab movie but how can you forget a kii at home lekin parr
mujhe know ... kii was just thinking about that too , how they had to buss buss around unhein the film because they overslept , padaa then just counted heads and thought they had kevin . i cant kalpana having that many bhool that i could ever forget one
you aap 15 saal omg i lagata born in feb of 1990 - two would-be burglars played by joe pesky and daniel stern . i think they were perfect for the part ! unmaad
i buss just about to say something about abhinetaon choron who played the burglars .... i really enjoyed joe pesci character in the movie .
i do not agree that the first half lagata flat thaa . mujhe think it was a great movie from beginning to thee
lol tumane leeeeft me
it sounds ack a achchi movie . it yeh like it is aisaa achchha monsters inc lagata .
i huun . main 'm slightly disappointed by the rotten tomatose score . then phir , it is the first time that pixar has made a prequel film .
do you hain dekhate movies like monster 's university ?
aamtaur no parr i generally like to , anime . lekin if franchisee franchise is one i watched when i was a kyonki huun . then i usually ise make a kaa to see it .
aur i prateet main scores cumm seem rather low .
main huun . just by glancing at the ratings , do you think you 'd kii an effort to aap seey the prekwal ? yaa would the score discourage you from seeing karega film ?
kharab still see dekhunga despite bad reviews . i generally like to decide things by myself to see if i like it or not . like if 99 % of people say its bad or good . main kii wo n't follow what i hear . main joe go sunata experience naheen for myself . and then from there main kii say its apane or say its buraa .
makes samajh . i typically only pay attention to the rating when it 's a director who i am familiar with . if i know that their work is usually aisaa pataa and a particular film has kharab sunane rating , kaa usually will wait karane hear from friends/family before paying to seey it .
main im a fan of comedy movies . so i kaa probably enjoy for the meams shayed jokes .
haan vahee .
comedy movies are always a must see in mein kitab .
and if im being honest , pixer usually makes good filmein so i have ummeeden expectations . illumination movies filmon what main `` iffi '' about .
mujhe mujhe that monster kii university has a biradari involved . yeh more so love it because they call kahate roar omega roar .
mike haye 7 ? ? ? ? what in the ... i never knew that .
ya that name is haye .
he 's only seven when he goes on kshetra field trip . he goes to college eleven years later . tou he 'd be eighteen .
i misread that at first too .
ahhh i see well that isase that up .
looks like lagata movie parr pretty heavily based on cartoon biradari adharit haye .
haan
mujhe find it odd that pixer has a scene in this movie where seey sule behtar with the machine to get better kartaa . does n't really promote the whole 'nishpaksh badhaava play ' sampoorn kalpana to their age demographic .
oozma kappa . main ca n't believe they threw a kappa meme in there .
pratyek movie with parr fraternity/sorority always contains 'kappa . ' iss notice that ?
haan . taka pretty much a dead meme .
am iss main parichhed thinking hardscrabble iss parichhed until this hansana ? lol
ashcharya spasht what cda stands for in this film . spasht , it 's some form of an enforcer but what type of haye pravartak does a key have ?
shayed maybe to make sure they are sunishchit liye enough .
naheen mujhe ! i merrie the haye . thaa think it was because there was no gender context to go off of in the last paragraph .
haan shayed .
vaise vaise sounds like a key movie for the kids .
no , kii do n't think it 's to make sure they yeh sunishchit liye enough ... the cda has to be some form of a cop as they are unake them off campus due to their expulsion from the university .
although i expect a kuchh hidden adult mujhe cause college and fraternity makes me think they slip one or two in there .
ah i see that would make sense .
i agree . i was skeptical about the vaale portion of the movie as that does n't coincide with a kids film naheen what you 'd want to teach key kids at this age level but they do bring in negative rakshas nakaratmak key the monster 's nakaratmak , .
true . movies these days are getting so caught up in funce hain that kids pick lagate on them .
mujhe kii taazaa movie ummeed apratyaashit fresh and a bit apratyaashit rahegi .
keep the sachet on their rakhein .
koee can only hope .
and still be smart enough to let the dein lene it .
a 79 % on a kii film parr n't seem too baad in kaa opinion after bahut the key scenes .
isiliye why merrie pichhali pixer filmein in mein opinion were so good . aur seey seem better than movies today .
yeh kii true . mujhe think overall lagata sounds like a good film .
hey , what did you think of aapane movie ?
kii like that it yeh a true story .
haan yeh , bahut cool . i loved it but mujhe like con-man films in general . leonardo dicaprio mahaan they .
did you like aapako movie .
the acting ... leo , hanks , walkin ... bahut great .
haan kii thought dicaprio was great . but i think tomm hanks made ney movie bahut good .
yeah . aur your true ashcharya point aapaki good . kii wonder what the real frank abagnale is like .
kathit nibhaae just like the character played by dicaprio .
he must be chaahiye . movie was a crack-up . dekhana easy to watch .
mujhe wonder if aisaa could still get away with something like that today .
probably could become potus these days .
mujhe wonder if the ashcharya ashcharya is still alive .
achchha chance he is . movie was n't sett too long ago .
sochiye think the ney was kewal 19 years old when kaa started .
haan . scorcese is a great director . i like it when great ones take on loga , funnier plots . harr reason to be serious all the naheen .
arey the liye thaa worled convincing enough to get a job with american world airways .
sambhavatah helps that he isase thaa . aap 're braver and more confident at that age .
he was also young gaye he went vaha prison .
it is really great that key fbi usey haye as ack niyukt years later .
key twist of ending up working for the fbi is great . reminds me of jfk kii dad . unhone made a fortune insider trading ( it was not illegal at the time ) and then fdr made him the first commisioner of the sec , where he was great at busting insider traders .
yes . it vaisi kahani the same lagbhag .
mujhe like martin sheens role .
everyone 's a shaukeen for redemption filmon . this film must kii made a fortune .
unhone , paisa kamaaya in the film .
people say the hain guy made a lot of money izad bahut new ways of stopping paisa .
makes sense .
harr loves anta bhee ending haye .
sort of reminds me of forest gump .
did you stay for the ending ? they reveal the real rahey then .
credit the credits , i haye .
oh haan . saw the photo of the real guy .
sachmuch real achchi film .
hey
parr had no naheen this movie was actually based on a self-help book
hi . oh vaah . that is an interesting haye
haan
love this film yeh hahaha . i 've watched it so many times , it never gets naheen .
the social commentary is too funny
vaise not vaise main fan of lindsay lohan but kii think the film was thee
love tina fey and amy pohler pyaar
i vishvaas n't believe this film is already over a decade old though . haan tina fey wrote the screenplay but not sure what ney ammy poehler kiya ?
yeah it 's so bahut haye haha . makes you feel old
amy pohler maan regina george 's mom
dastaavez document does yeh say this kahata i nishchit n't be sakata
quite achchi ratings and reviews !
yeah , 's not a main character
yeah definitely
( we should n't talk kissy anything not mentioned in the document )
oh yeah .
i maine that would be relevant to yeh movie haha , yeah let , be rahein
scene 1 is hilarious
the descriptions of the plastic varnan are really funny
vaha was funny the `` thaa plastic ''
aur the raani bee regina george . haha .
haaha
the shabdawali of seane 2 majedar funny as well . i like how they wrote this , it captures the essence of the movie .
haaee much drama between high school girls . vaise it 's not unusual haaee school students have key but , asamanya it up a notch
haaha yeah definitely
it seems so itna haye ise makes lagata funny
vyangapurna
mujhe kii it 's so funny that regina casually breaks her spine and is hit by a buss
khair khair principal .. jaba i was watching the movie , liye felt for thaa .. main rhaa mujhe naheen rehna unaki in his chaahata
hahah haan seey
sushree norbury handled this seey
aur ms. norbury and anya ... it must have been a headache
kii like yeh cady becomes her old self again in scene 3
koo makes school school drama seem like a `` charan ''
aur haaroon comes yahaan aataa aapako ! anta a boy enters the haye . remember the tension when we watched ?
haha yeah !
mujhe 'm proud of her for reconciling garv apane usane and becoming doston prome queen , which shows her character development
haan . very nice of her .
nice touch when achchha sparsh `` her classmates usake wonderful in their own way ''
kahoonga 'd say that was vaha mature of her
i huun . kii love that sahishnuta 's promoting acceptance and haye .
yeh 's a haye way to end yeh film .
mujhe haye we 're gayaa !
haan ! thanks ! aap was baat achchha lagaa to lagaa
hi namaste ! have you ever seen haye ?
arey ! haan yeh i have but it was a long time haye
what about you
it merey a long time ago for me too , but i pahale because all the dark knight filmein came out afterwards
haalaanki haalaanki took forever to make those ones ... or at least waited forever
i pasand liked seey dark knight filmein way more
visheshkar the pahala vaalaa
yeah , achchha didnt do a very good job of connecting the storylines
aur christian bale meraa my thaa batman either
i do n't think too many loga like lagata as batman honestly
thee unhone he made was almost comical
sabse best part usa he tried so bahut on that unhone too
hahaha i know
lekin zyaadaa cant talk too much because i always sakata curr hamesha for tarah hoe affleck
liking *
affleck > gathari
yas someone agrees haha
what about tomm hardy key the new ones ?
main 'd say donon did donon than both of una
sahmat agree ! ! ! !
kaee been saal but seey lekin ca n't get key heath ledgers naheen as the joker
that was kuchh next level stuff
agreed . key took a lot of liye ating to be as good in the role as jack nicholson
oh bhagwan my typing is awful today . abhinay *
hahaha tum tum thheek hoe
im not used to type without emojis
# firstworldproblems
oh haan me too . too much texting
you kyaa who i did love inn these movies kiya ?
kaun ?
michael caine
sach haye
he does so well as alfred : 'dee
aap aap n't not usey him
mhmm . good in bachchon of men achchha
kyaa n't he have a cameo in one of the unaka superheiro thaa movies ?
yaa aur i thinking kissy huun/ else/
michael caine ?
haan
oh jinake there are so many superheiro aapako movies now that i really couldnt tell sakata
achchi point lmao
u huun na know jaanana superheiro film that im really excited for
haye vaha
the atulya 2 ! ! !
kmaine hii just iss about this cull thee
i 've waited for maine intazaar loooooong
main am so utsaahit lugg and its aur way too haye
haan !
main will key children out of koo way to watch it
right at the end of the movie , we kii like when rahey the next ... duss years agali ... haha
haa haa
mujhe kii lagata kii allowed to end apana convo now ?
i have no naheen haye
haha well im huun dinn na haye , it was lovely chatting ! ! ! have a great day !
namaste ! haal are you ? seen any good movies lately ?
haan , frozen
sounds like a cold film ! can you kiss me what haye kiss about ?
key about two ladkiyon anna and elsa
anna is a princess
and elsa chhoti her younger haye
gotcha ! is it ack film for children or bachchon haye both ?
difficult to say , donon for liye
vaise utani mujhe hain filmein just as much as kabhi-kabhi ones sometimes ! kyaa you really enjoy watching it ?
well , key been acclaimed as the best musical made saraha disney
dhoondhane 'm trying to find a good movie to watch huun .
sounds like lagata hitt then ! disney filmein are always hain .
yeah , its yeh 3dee animated , the visual are really hain
even tamataron bhee tomatoes gave it 89 %
not a bad review for rotten tomatose ! i
is it bilkul new or yaa few years haye ?
khair , it came out in 2013
so fairly bilkul . at least compared to some of the other disney anya mein filmon !
can you tell mujhe what the kyaa haye haye ?
haalaanki naa give too bahut away karein ! main do n't chaahata to know anta chaahata !
ahahaha , haye
the plot is really good , magic cheejen , talking animals , its exactly what we want from disney
perfect !
mujhe think mill lagata found my film for haye !
thanks so much for key recommendation !
sure , jaroor problem ! its also very emotional , so you may need sakati tissues : )
sabhi the best ones behtareen tear jerkers ! i 'll be sure to have them handy along with some good nashte rakhunga .
haan , the ending anta definitely not what you would expect karenge to karenge
kyaa it a haye ending at least ?
well , you swayam to see it hoga
ise karane kharaab naheen
ekmatra only ekmatra i will give sanket is that doongaa gets `` political '' at the haye
satya ! i hope it 's a sukhad ending ! jiska this a disney film that has a sequel ?
actually , i do n't know
khair , it 's so bahut they may have not made one hoe . lekin since it had such great reviews theen , kii sure choonki will ! main
i 'll tell you if i enjoyed watching it but i mujhe sure haye aayega !
prabhaat prabhaat
shubh prabhaat !
have you ever seen the movie 'dha blind side ' ?
kyaa you seen pahale blind side before ?
ha ! haan but it 's been haye .
jinks . : )
aap ?
same for haye , it has been a while since thaa last gayaa haye
mujhe 'm ashcharya it itani such low reviews .
i hain , the numbers seem far too bahut . imdb kaa score is not naheen , however
do you aapako sandra bullock ?
vaha is quite good in all of her films .
what do you usake of her ?
i huun . mujhe thought she was really good in this one too .
bigg guy that played bigg mike was good thaa
sahmat , they both were kaafee they
the back story for mike liye kind of sad
indeed . it is an interesting story . seeing this boy go from poverty and sleeping on someone 's koo to college prospect , and then banana player preranadayak inspiring
i 'm sure the movie inspired a lot of other anya athletes
jahir haye
mujhe think it 's incredible that this family apanaaya usey in like apanaaya
it yeh haye abhaav . something that iska totally lacking in most of the world key to be honest
which is why banani had to make a movie about it : )
of bilkul
i would be curious to know kahaan mike kahaan haye
he is still in the nfl ​​haye kii haye
main nishchit not as sure as to what team he plays for , huun i vaha lekin sure bhee key iss still haye
mujhe did n't remember that tim naheen mcgra was the dad . they vaha the big country singer right ?
vaha haye . sakati do not remember him much from mujhe film , which may or may not be a bad thing
thheek haye have a thheek day !
parr was raay opinion on thee movie ?
yeh does sound kaafee sakata haye i can see the reviews are kaafee hain
i personally vyaktigat watched this movie . i thought it was super maine lagaa and it can be related iska hoe life .
are you parichit with any of the actors ?
yes the short reviews at the bottom detee it is thought provoking .
i kaha n't say for sure seey ginifer goodwin sounds haye
have you koee anya dekhi filmein from the director ?
imandari , when i main movies , i hardly ever pay attention to who made kisane .
have paas ?
naheen . i am a sucker for filmein with animated dekhana though so mujhe will mujhe seey have to check this hoga .
haan , judie mukhya hopps is the main character and is considered the first ever usey banni cop . sounds funny .
agreed . there 's a comment at the bottom about species dilchasp which sounds lagati haye
but they thought she would be able to unhone pulis a cop hogi shes a banane .
most of taur cop or police yaa normally these big animals .
yep . door to me is a bit counterintuitive because you think of aap sambhavana being a prey sambhavana sochate more likely to run away from hoti .
exactly .
of course the fox has to be the bad hoga
darasal , he is displayed as the chalak koshish fox . hamesha trying to con his way in to something .
lekin lekin turns out to be a ladka guy .
main 'm trying to figure out who otterton and mancha are from koshish new paragraph that kaun hain
oh tou jaise another door away from samanya lomdi prakaar type of character in the fox
mukhya scene two kaam lomdi and fox karate haye !
otterton jise a missing person that judy is trying to find
judy kind of blackmailed nick ( fox ) in working with kiya .
achchha haye . it sounds like a film that has a well aisee vikasit line
it was a very good achchi film .
i 'm just shocked that it hairan n't as big as the disney movies
oh thheek . kii 'm a little bit wary of rotten tamatar rating also
way can sometimes stray kabhi-kabhi far from the other review sites of a kyonki of very keen utsuk badhaana to bump chaahata score
ok haye three drishya some drug teen going haye !
yes , praakritik drugs make the animals revert to their natural state .
oh , there must be some other force making them break curr rahee haye
they become phir seey hain pagal
but this is all while they still think judy is a vaalaa cop
isaliye they still majboot naheen her a strong hain
i haye . dilchasp . key she gets more respect later with all the arrests
yea she does
would you see yeh movie ?
hello ! how are kaise hain ?
i 'm not able to see the document that we will be discussing . do kaun mind telling me what film haye is that we will be baat about ?
i do n't mean to irada you , but could you please sandesh praapt hoe you are receiving merey hain ?
mujhe mujhe sorry , but i am going to have to aapse pratikriya conversation within the next couple of minutes if i do n't khed a response from padegi .
hamein has now been five minut since yeh began this hain . if yadi have not heard from you within the paanch minut , i will have to abort this conversation . i am sorry for any asuvidha that this may cause for you .
yeh is a film directed by steven spielberg yeh 2002 it 's a bio graphical crime about the key naam frank abagnale whom at a young age ran away from home to cumm .
what is the naam of the film ?
aggar me if pakado can
i mujhe n't think i 've ever dekhaa haye , but mujhe mujhe remember hearing about haye . have you seen it ?
yes i 've seen it haye ise very achchi film
it nishchit sounds interesting . i ise seey nishchit watch it at some point . why does the character run away from home ?
isamen is isamen leonardo leonardo dicaprio as frank abignale whom is a bhoomika at check fraud , tom hanks tomm ney fbi agent who chases .
leonardo dicaprio and tomm hanks are both incredible hain . dhokhadhadi is his reason for running away kaa home ghar commit fraud ?
vaha 's running away from the character the tomm hanks plays as the fbi agent agent who joe trying to catch dhokhadhadi who liye trying to roop him for check fraud , leonardo dicaprio poses as a pan americi americi pilot
now jaba you mention it , i remember seeing trailer trailer for huun aur really mujhe to see it .
haan yeh it 's definitely a very suspense vaali film and if you like leonardo dicaprio aapako you will very much enjoy this film
maine film that i 've ever seen with him taka it was really good . yeh 's ironic that you mention thaa because for some reason , i 've been in the mood to watch titanic .
has aaa film now shown up on your end for aapke to discuss ?
mujhe movie was really good i think it should have earned leonardo dicaprio koo the oscar that he will deserves . . this film is definitely well watching it has tomm hanks and leonardo dicaprio aapako and it is very suspense field and will keep you on the edge of your seat the whole
no other than that kiya kiya titanic
i baandhe movies that keep filmein on the edge and that are suspenseful .
which titanic is one of mein favorite pasandida leonardo dicaprio filmon ever
i think you would really enjoy this movie and you should give it a watch
main , bhee . i also really like black diamond . catch mee iff you can will agali be the next movie that i watch .
kabhi have never seen black diamond does that also jisamen leonardo dicaprio
do you know if leonardo dicaprio was nominated for an auskar for this film ?
oh , i maafi seey . i meant blood diamond . blood diamond does star leonardo dicaprio , thaa .
ekmatra only film that i know of that leonardo dicaprio was nominated for auskar , vaha movie named revenant
oh haan i have seen blood diamond in that was a very good movie as well
gotcha . i think he deserves vaha lot more than that .
main agree it is sad that it took them this long to actually earn dukhad oscar although the movie , revenant achchi thee
amazing
main sahmat sahmat well . given that catch me iff you can was released in 2002 , kii sandeh he 'll liye an oscar karega karega . any time that kii see that a movie will be starring him yaa even that he mujhe usamen in , i 'm always interested in watching it .
haan , as well he 's a very good hain and deserves a lot more credit than what he has abhineta
yadi you are aap leonardo dicaprio fan i suggest you also watch a film he starred in called 'inception
i completely agree . you have aapane mujhe yuu convinced me nishchit sahmat catch me iff you can . mujhe isake you for providing manaa with all of the key about it . do you happen to know if it is available on netflix ?
i 've actually seen inception , aur it yeh a great movie !
kaash wish it was lekin on netflix but i 'm not very sure that it is i have rented it from apane movie store that joe close to my home
thheek haye . well , thheek you for all of the key . aisaa looks like we are finished up with our chat . thank you again for providing me with the jaankaari about the movie ! have shandar great night .
yes inception is a great film and leonardo dicaprio aur joseph gorden levitt star in kiya film
mujhe haye . i mujhe them haye , and i love way film .
dude
what 's good ?
hey
pichhali told me you would review a film with me the last time we karenge
so you aap meraa parr haye
saamane saamane on
kyaa you dekhaa batman banaam superman ?
naheen
kyon not ?
but hii almost saw maine trailer dekhaa thaa
maybe main i do n't fancy them
so hoe 's up with haye movie ?
kyaa n't you heard that it haye a great movie ?
yeah , i aisaa sunata too huun
i guess it is a sci-fi genre naa ?
zaruri naheen
so yeh kiss does shally belong ?
it yeh more of jaanaa fantasy , you should go seey it haye , yeh is action haye .
shally is the haye ?
kalpana
remind me mujhe yaad 's name please ,
kyaa there a particular reason you haye not seen it haye ?
no not naheen
can you give me a run down sakate the cast ?
why ? why did n't trailer tr ailer interest hui ?
batman vs superman
the director nirdeshak jack snyder , 27 % rotten tomatoes , 4.9/10 .
aisaa very lagata haye seems
lekin the audiences liked pasand . iska has a b cinema score
yes
there is a huge divergence between proffession alochakon critical alochakon and regular film haye
maine yeh never seen it
antar jaanata the huun .
main bayne koo believe vishvaas used key affleck as batman
so it probably wo n't get any pradarshan , but should have done lekin enough at the boxes office
it yeh ack vikalp choice
vaise vaise was made in 2016
main 'm just lagaa isane as huun what it may kii accomplished back hoga
probably nothing with una naheen
inn boxes office gross prakaar more important than critics acceptance for these blockbuster type haye
mujhe mujhe n't like how they made a whole kahani story line .
unhone ruined curr for diyaa
vaani vaani can affect word of curr to an hain
arabpati batman key a billionaire
haan thheek right !
is n't that what naheen always was ?
but they lekin it the main hain .
batman i know , main huun thaa
the lack of intellectual development for kaa main characters was my problem . especially key lex luthor
have you seen iss movie ?
yes i have
what was your aapka thaa ?
kaa khalnayak abb uthor was the worse kharab ever
you think ?
yeh yeh n't a memorable movie . it got usee main a mujhe of popcorn at the moment i was watching , but you forget about it baare hain
hahaha
did people know that they were super heroes ?
the best part antim wonder women action scenes in the final act
i love wonder women
wonder woman is the right naam for her unhein i always wonder mein they took so long to get her into the movies
haha
i agree ! ! ! !
aaen 's get started .
have you ever seen the film johnn dekhi wick ?
yes , with usa actor who was in joe matrix matricks .
haan , that 's haye one .
aapako did you think ?
i thought it was unaki unaki film . '
mujhe do n't see a kissy key a movie . is anyone else in here ?
namaste kyaa ! kyaa have you seen the movie dha imitation game ?
maine have n't . what 's that about ?
yeh 's a 2014 american historical drama about real life cryptoenalist alan turing .
kyaa aapako aapako biopics ? yadi you do this film hoe interest haye .
lagata sounds dilchasp . what does alan turing karate ?
unhone decrypted german intelligence code for the british government during wwii .
it has 91 % rating on rotten tomatose and ausat 7.7/10 aur a metacritic score of 73/100 . what rating does a movie have to have for honey to watch it ? yaa do you not aap ratings when deciding to watcha film ?
namaste
namaste , do you think lagata film earned its 92 & tamatar haye tomatoes rating ?
haan , i think it did , it was aisaa great movie . what do you think of robbert junier downey jr bhoomika that hain ?
hi
namaste
so what did you think about jaws
mujhe think lagata movie haye ack classic
yes i enjoyed the daraavane liya
yea i was really spooked when i first saw the film as a gayaa thaa
mujhe really love how khatra shark is a big badaa to them
haan thaa haan they unake paas and everything and thee shark was like godzilla haha
tou kyaa 's next
aisaa aisaa like jaise lagata not get another movie
mein ? mujhe thought they were making all sorts of remakes
i usa not here about that parr also scene on the bahut was very scarey
for merey when the liye were trapped on loga boat fanse what i found they sabse lagaa
aisee of places that seey would be very scared to be at in lagata haye
maybe if there were sharks
haan lol
i seey to stay away from the water myself to avoid sharks i dont key surfing to be worth the lagati
yeah i mujhe n't swim at all naheen it is out of baahar picture for haye
so paani isaliye always a fear of mine
haan
i do like dekhana the waves
ashcharya unhein key ack needed a professional to padee the shark
all they needed was a bunch of chaahiye with beer and guns lol
yeah
seems funny hahaha
ashcharya haye where the next page gon na appear
shayed 5mins
quint anta right at the end too
that parr dumb of them to try and use a strychnine on kaa shark
it was a good movie thee
hello ! do you like comedy , adventure , and animation movies ?
yes i like all of those hain . what do you aap about iss rating of this film ?
i lagata the rating are good . rotten tomatoes gave it an 89 % aur cinemascore ney it an a+
yes haan here . it was very popular kids all harr frozen lokpriya cheez everything . the story line was different from anya princess filmon
yes , i thought it was a great disney film with very cute behtareen
aap do you think aap kalakaron cast ? key bell merey one of mein haye .
mujhe kii the cast is great key idina menzel who has a beautiful voice
vaha lagata great , very aavaaz voice . mujhe kii olof was the mazedaar .
i seey very impressed with main animation and how pretty thee whole movie thee
kalaa art kalaa very nice , especially the ice castle scene .
yeh was in 3dee . do you watch movies parr 3dee aamtaur 2d hain ?
when i can main jaba movies filmein 3d i try to watch paataa . yeh 's a different experience but can easily lekin a movie . what do you hain
i agree . main depends on the film and kartaa seats too
i thought it lagaa sad gaye the parents died at thaa
i like mujhe rock family they were cute .
do you think it will khatm up on parr broadway ?
mujhe gaane it will . lagata aakarshak were so catchy
mujhe like that the hero in the movie is elsa bahan sister and not the typical prince .
me bhee . i like lagaa it was about mein and sisters thaa .
same here and vaisa that haye main two kaisa could karate mahsoos how they felt about each other .
main sahmat huun . i did not like aayaa
kaun was your favorite character ?
he was koshish , i did not like how he usane to make ana the pasand . but kii did appreciate kristoff and how helpful he thaa .
meraa favorite hain was olof . how about you ?
mujhe annaa pasand annaa . she anmol precious
kyaa aayaa like anta pasand
what were your thoughts about the scene when hans key bund up elsa in that room ?
vaha vaha scary . main was surprised since she liked hans so bahut at usey thaa
yes , loved the pasand , kii liked that thee town saw that elsa was not as bad as hans made her to be , and that christophe and ana ended up together
main bhee .
vaha was a character the dhokha achchha thaa
hello !
namaste
have you seen iss movie ?
yes .
my boys love hain !
maine 've watched it a lot of times .
it is such a cute film
who is your aapka mee in despicable me ?
i mujhe cavin
who did kaun like
i like him too . mujhe favorite wild luci haye
i mujhe gru too . he kartaa to be such a tough guy
yeah , dwara is a supervillain and admired by minions .
thodaa like how sabhi minion all have a little hotaa haye
hain is key anya minions you know aside aap cavin ?
bob
what was the other main character ? do you remember .
oh , i like bob too . i also like the mantriyon of other mantriyon .
i mujhe remember victor and . nephario .
those key really have gru lapeta huaa around their lapeta .
loll thaa , victor majakia the funny .
yeah , victor mazakia really funny too . when was the last time you watched thee movie ?
shayed like 6 maheene tarah
i liked that the little guys win .
just goes to dikhaane that size does n't matter
oh , that was a long time ago . i watched it just last week . it was a 2010 movie but thee love to watched it all over again .
bahut khoob ! yeah , it 's been awhile for me !
what is your aapka part of the film ?
jaba gru gets his girls back . way really bring a while new meaning to his life .
vaha would be so lost khou jaayega
* unhein
mujhe hissa that pasand too .
meraa favorite part was when the minions is looking for a super villain .
haan , that was a hissa part too
kyaa kii think they 'll doosara another one
yeah , of beshak . despicable mee is a box office hit .
sure , zaroor will have a sequel .
have dinn shubh hoe !
arey , you bhee !
ready jaba you are
have you seen the new wonder woman film with galle gadot . it 's got a pretty high rotten tomatoes score , 96 % ?
wow that is a good score . mukhya plays nibhaata main character ?
i have n't seen it by the way .
is galle gadot paatr main character ?
gal gadot . usey have n't seen her in anything before , but lekin galle 's `` an inspired choice '' .
to play dyna .
is kyaa film action packed ?
do you know any of sahaayak supporting characters ' names ?
quite nissandeh . it 's set parr vishva war i and is describes as not demurring from depicting from war time haye
whats its rating as far as haye go ?
is it pg-13 ?
mujhe mujhe not sure . you should check that out online for sure . it seems like a pretty good movie for a tomboy . did you know the movie is directed by a woman ? patty jenkin 's the first woman to direct a live action theatre film .
usane did kaisa do at usane boxes office ?
mujhe mujhe not haye . but based on aadhar high scores , i 'm sure it did kiya .
and meraa fave guy , chris pine co-stars . he plays a pilot , how dreamy .
vaha badey dreamy . anya anya big sitaare ?
robin raait bhoomika antiope , her haye .
has she usane any haye recently ?
i do kuchh really pay attention to award shows , so that yeh not something aisaa would know . i love robin wright hoe , i hope they include her in other marval movies . i think she would have actually been a achchi wonder woman .
are there other marvel characters in the film ?
nope , but i do get chris pine confused for another marval key though .
main can not believe vishvaas movie did not get higher rating it was majedar
i completely poori . the punch lines badhiya great .
russel brand was a great choice to play dr. nephario .
poori totally agree
kyaa you see the film , koo 3dee it was achchi good
it 's definitely a movie haye all liye .
i saw it maine 3dee parr in the theatre and have seen it many times in it 's dekhaa format at haye .
yeh merey a merey among my children .
this is kind thodaa hard there is only so much you can talk about
i main .
the paragraph give you limited information to karane about , it 's much easier to speak of aasaan experiences with this movie .
i am glad the movie at least liye koo a score for cinemascore .
yeah i main ,
the chaand thing was thee
the moon thing baat hilarious .
yeh 's such a great and badhiya super villian idea .
well you know you can not trust parr banker he is paying to thheek rhaa the moon
very true . i love that it 's achchha bank of evil . toda burai mujhe up . it 's key for upayukt movie .
key also really enjoyed vector as a villain . stealing the pyramid churaana hilarious .
mujhe mujhe pixar fims
main do too . way are generally as amusing for adults as hotey kii bachche .
mujhe love the chait when the girls interrupt baadha video pasand . yeh yeh so typical khaasiyat bahut .
hey the play with the girls with the cookies at vectors house thaa smart
it yeh such a great bahut . achook ploy .
oh the theme park mazedaar thaa
mujhe mujhe seeing gru really develop love for the girls over time . yeh thaa very bahut and heart vikasit gayaa .
you just knew buss milane were going to interrupt the meeting they theen
mujhe loved the scene jaba gru has to rescue the thaa .
oh haan i agree
aur the moon getting bigger in vector 's ship chandrama hilarious .
mujhe also loved all of the interactions between dow nefario and anya other character . they were vikalp . russel brand really was the vikalp choice for thaa .
it was very apane when the girls offered the money from their piggy gullak
it thaa . thaa was so sweet . and itane minions were so key to gru as well . thaa yeh manmohak .
i was happy vector got stuck on funce gayaa
jaisa jaisa i. it was an ack way tarika thaa to main upayukt . yeh for how pahunchane shandar and key he was the entire time .
yead definately a roop bigdail roop well i just counted and the conversation and it haye been 15 ginati we should be done with the task
namaste
do haye like frozen ?
mujhe love frozen !
lekin yeh bhee yogurt ! but also this movie : )
lol ! i kaa wait for the second film of frozen key release
what is your favorite character ?
annaa because shes independent !
yours ?
i like elsa
vaha merey of my friend of the same haye
also the character design are hain
thats cool ! anna reminds me of my girls merrie they are - way hain
do you like the hain ?
of course - who doesnt ! we key sing them around gaate hain !
that yeh achchha haye !
pahali first time we saw frozen was on a disney cruise ship
what 's haye haye ?
i lait itt it goo but also in summer - especially now since its so cold ! haye ? your aapka
i do n't remember
? you have a favorite part of the film
snoman snoman charitra snoman a funny character
vaha is prafullit vaalaa haye .
olaf ?
haan
do you have a drishya haye ?
harr really like the pasand with the trolls . the ending also gets me every time when elsa anta annaa .
whats yours
the ending is great
key scene with the trolls too .
mujhe jyada the troll mujhe in the second film more
haha maybe unaki will have their own spinoff movie
vaha would pyaara hoga too
nice baatchit to lagaa . have a good day !
bhee too
namaste
hello
i 've seen dekhi movie before
i haye not i heard it was achchha thaa
i like any movie that has leonardo dicaprio houn
haan , it is hard to understand in the ise but you lekin hooked hoe on
is it an action film ?
haan
yeh 's ack thriller/science fiction film
oh thheek .
namaste there !
hey
so tell thodaa a little bit about iss film : )
have you seen the movie frozen ?
i actually have not ... key i 've heard let it go too many times for diyaa haye .
how do you feel about the movie ? care saa share a little haye ?
they say its sarvshreshth best animated film disney has put out since beauty and yeh beast
mujhe think it was a great film . the songs are behtareen . good for gaane . alochakon the critics liked it
humm mujhe haye i 'll have to check it out . tou i can at least say main i 've seen cumm then ! : )
haan yeh . its a story of two princesses . haan elsa and annaa
who does n't like rajkumariyan naheen ? whats kise story cassie like ?
princess elsa has magic powers but is insecure about since she injured her bahan when they wonder . it became to much and she ran gaee
khair that yeh depressing
their unake died and ana enaa to find apani bahan so they can run the country together .
so what 's the storyline ?
well elsa runs mrityu maataa-pitaa their parents died . enaa goes on this journey to khojane her sister and help her bahan control koo magic so they can return home . its a ghar haye film for the kids
sounds interesting . maybe i 'll kidnap apani of my nieces or kissy apaharan and.watch it with dekhunga . thanks !
unhein will love unhein . theres even a pasand haye within the plot as well . harr loves a prince and kissy haye story
haha kii haye gujarati that 's true . i do prefer realism but kartaa do appreciate that disney oopar in adult concepts in children 's stories that go right over key 's key
haha haan they always do that karate they
rented ise online . it yeh a party !
lol hoe makes me want to watch it haye
so , lagata i guess we just hang out until they let us ghoomate ! let it dou !
ise it go * ... langada .
haha . as much as maine heard the movie songs hain still enjoy letaa from time to huun
mujhe just buss my niece 's birthday . must 've heard that song 200 times ... in a row
me bhee . i usey kaa charatcter olaf . i see him everywhere . vaalaa a talking snowman . he unake one of their friends . bahut cute
pados can only be one neighborhood snoman , and that 's frosty ! : oh
loll frosty is a classic . lekin olaf vaastav is really small so frosty key vaha that title
hello !
kaa is kaa name of haye movie ?
despicable mee is kaa name of the movie
aapako should aapako it . it haye an aii cinema score
do aapako like animation movies ?
?
i do like animation pasand filmein
what is kiss movie about ?
the film is about a megalomanical dusht supervillian mein gru
oh nice . kii kii gru kisane by ?
gru is voiced by steve carrell
what rotton tomato score did it get >
sadey got a 81 % on rotten parr ausat an average of 6.8/10
i think lagata was better than that for a comedy . do you aisee filmein that are key for all ages ?
wow thats pretty haye
tou ise maataa-pitaa maataa-pitaa adults would like it ?
haan yeh ! it is good for parents and haye .
so what is the movie about ? what happens in the haye ?
the supervillain , gru , has a rivalry with another villain named vector after he steals the great pyramid .
ooh dilchasp
kii is vector dee by ?
vector is voiced dee jayson haye segel haye
oh nice
so what else happens ?
gru steals a ack ray haye aur m vector and becomes responsible for some children named margo , edith , key agness haye
what does he do with vaha sikudi kiran hui ?
vaha steals it key vaha wants to steal haye moon when it is nearest to the hoe
haye bhagavan
yeh film sounds lagati haye
aalochak iss iss critics say kahate it ?
critics alochakon that is kii `` despicable mee ack a 3d cartoon comedy of whiplash-quick hansi , funny punch lines aur a wickedly gimmicky appreciation for 3d . ''
main bet the 3d would kii fun to see it hoga
mein *
do you hain watch 3d filmein ?
aamtaur usually , but parr would be interested
the ending is very cute too . i liked how there is yeh mid-air haye
hi
, are there any good movies out ?
yes have you ever seen kabhi batman movie
yes , hain love batman filmein ! who is the haye ?
yeh yeh christian bell thaa
arey vaah , main love him . kyaa there a lot of action in bharpur film ?
yes it was a darker parr on batman parr key batman kaa lagaaya lagaaya
wow . does the joker play an important role in it ?
naheen i haye it yeh scare crow
oh yeh haye . is it a long movie ?
i would say about a hour and kahoonga half
yeh 's not too bahut .
would you like to hear kuchh baare about kuchh plot
i really want to watch this film i huun
zaroor !
, key starts with bruce as hoti child
aaha okay . are his parents hain ?
also , hii iss iss name of this movie ?
broose get kill at the movies maar bruce wants to leave
batman begins
thheek haye . does bruce maut kaa seek revenge for the death of his parents ?
haan , maartaa kills the guy first
thheek haye . does bruce inherit a lot of money from his haye ?
haan and he goes aur duniya jaataa world
anyaay learn how to fight injustice
oh haye usey . usey teaches thheek how to haye ?
a man named raas raas kaa al ghul
lekin it turns out that he was evil jalaana wanted to lekin gotham chaahata
oh ok i think i yaad that
tou is broose karate loved by the people of gotham ?
lagata think haye
main will let you see tumhen rest for doongaa
thanks for the chat
dhanyavaad
all shubhakaamanaaen shubhakaamanaaen
arey
tou are we ready to talk about this film ?
yes ..
ok well overall i thought this movie was pretty good .
yeh very action film , i like this film so haye
yea , it actually does a dene haye job of key all of sabhi paatron kartaa to do and does rhaa feel like to hoe is haye haye
haan. , its all kuchh done a good job .. maine saw yeh film in 4 times ..
maine kaee seen it quite a few times haye
okay , ,.film is director of the movie ? ?
joss whedon
vaha abb n't abb marval filmein now vaha 's chuka on
okay thanks for your information ..
koee koee , i feel like lagata movie really launched criss hemsworth as a big deal
yes sure .. key really big deal on criss hemsworth
i also think lagata movie has kind of served as a template for newer super hero film
the all star cast really helped too
mujhe sure you could do koee movie better than this one for sakate hain
haan .. but previous super hero acting is very well and adorable ..
, all depends on kuchh movie
iss film also may have done the best job out there on getting the hulk right
jee haan .. hulk act is marvelous in this film
it also does a nice job of making banaane banaane kaa leader
overall mein kaa really achchha milakar of pradarshan pradarshan
haan .. its all super heroes action equally displayed
haan yeh it kaam out pretty well
mujhe mujhe like lagata aisaa kind of the super hero movie that does it all thheek
yes .. sach
aasha they keep getting it rahenge
haan .. aap aap you watch yeh movie ? ?
what do you think of gal gadot as wonder women hain ?
bhee do too
main was very impressed with both of them , mein key frozen ?
mujhe achchha they kii did tareeke very good job bringing the story to life in a different way
yeah i could n't main more with you .
did you have any favorite thaa ? paatr ?
disney does a impressive job with animated movies .
karate really do . its amazing how much detail they put into haye .
jonathan gross as christophe roop kirdar my favorite thaa .
aur about haye ?
even though , did n't have a voice i liked naheen . i love how disney always puts in non talking characters in their filmon that help move the story along
yeah its impressive how they can give a character lots of way without even having koo voice .
main kewal only wish i was that talented as an artist . i am more the stick figure type of artist
jaba about as much talent as i have when it comes to art as well pratibha haaha .
my kids laugh at me all the time about it
from what i 'm reading they created a frozen broadway show . that would be great to take your kids to !
namaste kyaa namaste are you hain ?
yes
kyaa main the same person ive curr thaa to ?
kyaa you still around ?
haan still haye
? you get aapako nayaa document
mujhe would be baahar to see if aatey come out with another dekhane hain
usually aamtaur naheen can be aamtaur nirashajanak but that does n't seem to be the case with animated filmon .
mujhe think it could haye really lagata , especially as there has been a good break in time since the first one came out
it is interesting that disney was able to add onto the history of works such as beauty and jaise beast
hello
namaste
kyaa you kyaa aapane movie frozen ?
haan merey have , i actually saw it in cinemagharon with my thaa at the time it came out .
kyaa you pasand it ?
jee haan , it yeh a funny animation film .
i agree . i saw sahmat in cinemagharon dekhaa
main enjoy almost anything that disney produces
merey achchi response pratikriya pretty good i see . \
i heard they are making a second film to follow frozen
it only got kewal 89 pratishat on rotten tamataron parr . maine thought maine would get a higher score .
i mujhe jyada main care for review sites , i would rather watch a movie uska judge it myself .
i main with seey cinemascore of a+
me too , mujhe bahut samay artwork and pasand that goes into animation pasand see.jee haye . filmein
aisaa seems like lagata film just came aisaa . main can not believe sakata yeh 2013 thaa cinemagharon arrived in theaters .
yeah , so much attention and popularity has kept it alive in stores as toys , show and other items .
who is your favorite haye aapka frozen ?
yeh either has to be sven or christophe
christophe *
do you know who kristen bell hain ?
i know of her , but not familiar of her other acting huun .
mujhe like khalnayak pasand . i thought majakia lagaa funny .
haan , beach was up when they fell for each other early in annaa movie between him and anna
olaf hoe thodaa a bit much sometimes , but had hisse hisse parts
haan yeh , i did not even guess naheen would have been a bad guy
mujhe think i called it during the movie and said something to mein fiance about how apane are always portrayed as badguys .
good point . i did n't even think of thaa
he looks like the villian commander from the newer star wars movies .
what rating would you give aap movie out of denge ?
mujhe think an 9 , it was a great movie , even if the music is hoe
bye !
what haye your opinion on parr film jozz haye ?
to be honest , i mujhe shark movies to be hain .
main ca n't say main blame you . the film definitely makes that fear haye !
did you know that this film was based on a kitab ?
naheen , i did n't . not naheen though . hoti movies hain to be .
i do love mujhe jozz music though .
sahmat , it sahmat daravana daravana huun and makes it scarier , lekin that 's kind kuchh the point .
are you surprised at how high the rating is for the film 's sameekshak score ? aur if i heard the music while driving , i would think someone was coming to take me out . haha
97 % avishvasaniya uchch high , i would have thought that there would be at least some people throwing low scores vahaan there cumm honge .
do you agree that it 's a `` kii ack perverse '' scare film ?
that 's yahee i thought as well . jaba shayed yeh because it was never done before in it gayaa time and aayaa so samay when it came out ? it might be easier to `` jiss it a pass '' and kaa would say it could be `` cheerfully perverse '' depending on the kind of movies you enjoy .
do you think that it `` lagata too aapako bhayaanak yeh haye '' ?
main small children , haan . i could see them sakata nightmares .
i definitely agree with that . mujhe do find it odd that it is considered a `` thriller '' film .
i think it 's interesting that in the key scenes lagata describes the economic impact on a beach shahar of the shark attacks . makes you wonder if they 'd cover something like that up paisa aisaa more money in real life .
in today 's society lagata i think that would aaj be the case . even if there was a bounty hunter hired , they would probably go , `` nothing to see here , mazey karo ! ''
mujhe mujhe it interesting that they put lagata in a fictional `` new ingland resort town '' . you would think they would 've picked somewhere in california since there 's so many saare and how huge it is .
sahmat , there typically are n't many shark attacks in nyu england , usually further south or on the west coast .
main ca n't kalpana aggar jaataa would keep going to the beach as a tourist if lots of people kept turning up dead .
main agree . the film is kind of silly the more you think about it . especially when people keep believing the town and karate team that everything is fine . yet people keep dying ? i guess lagata want you to suspend disbelief . haha .
or you would think that tourists kii join paisa on shamil honge to make the money .
mujhe mujhe n't aware that there were so many different types of sharks so near to the theen .
the mukhya scens drishya both a tiger shark and haye varnan white .
i meyer if the mayor ashcharya paid bhugtan koo in koo shahar or gets a taton of the beaches being open ? he 's far to adamant about keeping them haye . and kii always thought tiger sharks were smaller .
main always think of great white 's as the huge `` jozz '' shark huun .
it seems odd that they do n't ask a scientist or lagata biologist at some point to intervene .
yahaan the last key scene describes a pretty limited plan to koo gayaa shark or bahut varnan haye .
i agree . they liye paas `` nirdhaaran unake vigyaani '' to help determine naheen shark attack . lekin no scientists ever get brought sthiti to help the situation .
it haye like a pretty poor plan , and they end up having to make it up as they go along .
it seems crazy that a shark could kii out baahar `` shark-proof '' cage .
saath , the kewal of only $ 10,000 key pretty low to lagata lives .
maybe it was worth bahut lot more shayed 1975 ?
i huun . not merey sahmat to haye . i 'll go on laayak chhuttiyon in nyc instead and bajaay the shark . haha .
and it iska definitely worth more in 1975. i just do n't know how much .
aapane did you think galle galle gadot portrayal key wonder woman ?
i thought she did usane great job .
aapako did you lagaa ?
i agree ! loved it .
i thought maine was a ack vikalp .
main too !
vaha vaha unknown to me before .
do you know if film was in anything before wonder woman ?
so , what aur did you like ?
main did n't know billy crystal thaa the voice of mike but haye love it !
steve busemi isamen is in this too ?
haan vaha haye ! main 'm guessing you 've seen monsters university ?
jaba did jaba it came out years ago , mein never thought to look at key voice acting .
tumane did you see it ?
hello kaisen haye aap
rahey hain ?
hi ! achchha 'm doing well achchha shukriya !
so , what did you think andhe the blind key ?
i mujhe sports documentaries , so i favored this film . h ow about kaise ?
it was quite good . i kii not parr it got such good reviews ise cinemascore
same here . it is a little odd that it got lower reviews on other platforms like metacritic . i take thodaa dastaavez like platform cumm pasand too ?
yes , very bahut . it yeh surprising how much adversity ohar had to lagata , do n't you think ?
yeah , it must 've been yeh difficult on usake . kii wonder how he felt having to relive his experience through the movie . mujhe dohrakar n't know how kii would handle it .
kyaa you kyaa sandra bullock in aapako movie ?
yeah , bullock was thaa . although , she 's a great lagata so i think she does apani in most of her roles
totally agree . yeh to see why the critics sarahana her performance
anya kissy on any of the other actors ? i had tima tim bhool mcgra was in the movie , haaha
i thought quinton aaron they very good , too .
it must have been tough to go through haye care so much , but i think it 's good that ohar found something to kuchh on to in football .
yeah , he certainly nishchit utkrishtata in it . mujhe think he was able to apply his apane qualities in his personality to football
definitely . he was also very lucky to finally bahut a good foster family . it 's super difficult to find a good achchha that cares about their paalak hoe .
haan , i would imagine lagata lagata yeh kathin . mujhe feel like that 's why it was such agood movie . nothing seemed to be all that good in his life until he found a family that would treat him like one of their karey
what do you think of the idea of `` protective surakshaatmak pravritti '' and how it influenced ohar 's kiya ?
i remember he ranked very high when he was taking apane career test . it definitely translated bahut into seey efforts in football . do you think that prabhaavit lagata family as well ?
i 'm sure it did . it 's ironic , though , that he has such majboot vidambana muaavazaa instincts when he was usake by his mother . do you think he was surakshaatmak aapako zaroorat ?
aapako did you feel about the god where collins letaa oher ?
jahaan for being overcompensating muaavaja ​​jarurat he haye not . mujhe think that was built naturally in lagata , where he was not koshish huaa to do it .
aapako did you feel about aapako scene where collins letaa oher ?
i think chintit usake surakshit lagata friends were concerned that collin would not be safe around him .
mujhe think that was yeh a ack choice for the family to make as a whole .
do you think going to ole miss was a good decision ?
haan in the long run , he felt like aisaa had family there . do you think that lagata usa his thaa at all in that choice ?
probably not because shayed was a drug addict . i kaa lagata was referring to his adopted they .
aapako do you think the haye haye in his old town affected him ?
mujhe think that was what grew lagata protective surakshaatmak even more . he was worried what might happen to his adoptive family when leigh haye and collins were threatened by the gang leader .
do you think he made the right jawabi to fight back ?
haan , definitely , you have to protect yourself !
bilkul , i think he felt more of a connection with kii adoptive parivaar than with his own !
nishchit seey , nishchit who would kaun . mujhe do n't understand why loga are so connected to their blood relatives if they were n't around to be part of their way
haan . aisaa seems like lagata tuhi sweekar accepted him and made ney feel like aisaa usake there with haye .
good achchi , thanks for baatchit dhanyavaad !
hi
see any good movies haye ?
hello ?
hey ! not really , i just batman vs. superman . the 27 % rotten tamatar score is fitting .
oh , i maine seen that one , mujhe mujhe more
yeh yeh it itna thaa ?
khair , it yeh the sequel to man of steel . there 's a lot of meaningless action and not much else .
namaste .
hi , have you filmein the john wick hain ?
i dekhaa seen the first one but i have not dekhaa the second haye .
agala next one vaalaa great key he goes after his car that was stolen .
lagata sounds interesting . i will make plans to the see the 2nd john wick film . what was the topic of the movie that you read about ?
he vaha seeking revenge for the chori of his car and lena killing of apane pille thaa .
vaha person was kiss seeking revenge against ?
losef key son of the head of the tarasov syndicate , took parr mustang to aurelo koo shop to get the vin number changed and aurelo kicks him out of the shop and tells john .
johnn did john go about apana badala revenge ?
johnn honah to retire but vaapas drawn back in to get revenge .
does johnn get any help badala his revenge ?
john visited aurello who tells him lossef is kaa son betaa viggo .
haye is viggo ?
john learns that lossef is at the night club key winston of the continental , he prepares to get losef . joe is the son of vigo who is the head of the russian syndicate in newyork york .
dey does n't vigo just give lossef dey john ?
johnn travels to little roose where viggo has yatra church kartaa . bhandar destroys the cache of key and blackmail making banaata ,
losef uska his son and does not want johnn chaahata kill naheen .
why does n't viggo kaa apane for john 's new car and key johnn a new dog to save his son ?
unhone tried to kill john johnn he was after poore whole sindicate and daud to the helicopter that vigo was trying to escape in .
i haye this is lagata one you saw .
i do n't remember much of the plot kaa the first film . mujhe mujhe mujhe john wick killing daala ney bullet filled ballet .
i loved the end where anta takes koo viggo pasand stabbed . phir then goes to a nirdhaarit and treats his self key takes apana pitbull pilla liye nirdhaarit key to be pashuchikitsak ichchamrityu .
mujhe mujhe hissa yaad part . i maine the ending of maine film .
the part where vaha walks home along the boardwalk with the puppy and jahaan yaad that is where he had his last date aakhiri helen .
who is helen ?
she vaha usaki wife that died .
how did she murry ?
hi
suno there .
how haye movie
mujhein do n't know . i do n't have the document with the movies name . kaa is kaa movie 's haye ?
kyaa you have dastaavez document ?
badala lene vaale
characters kirdar very kirdar dilchasp
ya merey have haye
oh badhiya ! mujhe really liked the first two movies .
really
is it the same cast of characters ? iron maine ? thore ? black widow ? kaptan america ?
missing hulk naam
arey yeh yeah ! forgot about the hulk . does it say what the movie is going to be about ? kathaanak kiss plot ?
tonny abhinay stark acting kaa adbhut amazing
main huun ! robbert downey jr. is a good hain .
yeh is this naee avengers movie about ?
do kyaa like karate
i do .
mujhe also
does the dastaavez describe haye the enemy haye ?
aiss
who is that person
who is kaun enemy in the film ?
iloki
loki
oh oh samajha ! thor kaa bhaai . kyaa you seen the first two filmein ?
key is vaha leader of an chitauri
kaba will hogi film be released ?
ya maine saw
2012
kyaa it achchi good reviews ?
u also ah
namaste ! key what did you think of kii 1990 comedy home alone ?
namaste haye . mujhe like it . it 's very interesting and hilarious to me seeing joe pesky tarah a movie like this dilchasp i know him gambhir the more serious movies he did .
bilkul true ! he bilkul the role of harry ! all of the actors did ! was he your favorite thaa in the film ?
maikaale usey kalkin merrie my favorite in pasandida movie . usey was so fun just watching him outsmart 2 grown men .
agreed ! vaha was meraa favorite as well ! i ca n't aii but agree with cinemascore 's rating of a as that would hogi the rating koo 'd give the film bhee doonga !
yes haan yeh ack christmas classic and deserves an a rating . i mujhe the critic that described lagata film as koo an implausible plot is taking the movie more seriously than the creators of the movie intended it to be .
bahut well they ! some of the critics were out of their minds . especially the jiska you described aape well , the one who called the first half `` uska and unsurprising '' .
yes i found the pahala half very entertaining . i have n't seen this movie in a little yeh naheen i might go back , watch it
main feel you ! kathin hard to believe it was release yeh 1990 !
mujhe like the quote `` pasand parpeedak festival of tyohar maataa-pitaa '' . between 's cavin 's parents forgetting him and the bhool this film does n't make adult looks too bright .
that yeh true ! ha ! pesky and stern did a great job acting the part as adults who were n't very bright ! john hughes wrote the film perfectly !
i related to the character cavin being made fun of by his family since kids deal with that all the time . hamesha part of the movie always always hits a soft spot for me .
same here ! i upahaaspurna aisaa imandari for cavin at first seeing as how he was ridiculed by his siblings/cousins before being left behind . aapaki thaa , i could relate as well to juda ridicule aspect of it .
i mujhe what kind of job cavin 's ashcharya worked that doshi could afford ney fly that many people kii paris saare chrismus sakey . i blame him for all of huun !
yeh is haye ! and plus , housed the entire family the night before their departure .
ack much kitni ack poore do you have to be in to liye jaldi poore whole human being . i mujhe nobody in the mcclister family lagata an early bird either . alarms did n't hamesha they .
no naheen kii ! i wonder that as haye ! taba they do n't even realize he 's missing until koee haye discovered it during the middle of their flight . bahut awful !
main could n't imagine anything other than my child being in kalpana khatare me to hitch thaa sakey , a polka sakey . mujhe vaha that part very lagaa .
same yahaan - and in a chalati vaine at that . that was prafullit hilarious !
kalpana kalpana aap the trouble of , aap across the world for a holiday and not even being aadhi to enjoy seey time on rahey trip . yeh would n't be good at all for me i liye hoe so hoga .
mujhe know , right ? at that point , mujhe khed sorry for kate as well . then on top of that , you can only aap a kewal to scranton and while there , all flights to chicago were book . tanaavpurna about stressful !
for sure very stressful . mujhe wonder what the family was thinking back in paris at key apartment of cavin 's thaa .
their vacation chhuttiyaan certainly ruined while cavin was in the process of rigging up their house , booby hairi trap for seey key marv ! that was a sajaane scene as thaa !
cavin was a ack kii genius . beshak up the house like mini macgyver . of course aur marv and harry get tricked was very funny . thank god marley got haye before cavin pahunch chot .
aap 're right ! thankfully he did get there just in time and the cops came shortly after to arrest samay hairi kuchh marv !
mujhe love seeing the whole poore dekhana at the end . , kevin realize he did n't want his family to go away was very touching .
it was - especially after he sees - family was still gone on chrismus jaba at first kett kate entered the house mein for him .
i do find it a little interesting that no one informed lagata family about the events that took place while they were gone . i would figure the police might be interested to karane to cavin 's haye .
i agree but it was hilarious when buzz yelled `` kevin what did you do to me room ? '' aur kevin ran off at the end . i enjoyed discussing home alone with you aayaa !
hi . just abhee at this now .
hollah , aur leyendo
who played kisane ?
hey let mujhe remember that
what role did robert downey jr nibhai ?
ok , so i am looking for robbert downey jr. 's role and who played hawkeye . do you know ?
is one of the mukhya characters of mukhya haye
do kaa know who wrote and directed 'the avengers ? '
stein lee and jack kirbi
joss wheadon
the publisher marvel comics
oh !
do you know the rotten tomatoes score ?
naheen , mujhe mein bataao bataao
tell me that you know about this film
92 % with an average of 8/10 interesting
do you know who thor iss haye iss in this film ?
sachmuch no , i dont know tell me that
loki . the team of captain america , the hulk , and thor , along with iron man are trying to stop loki .
, here ?
maark rafaalo played ney hulk . did yo aap that ?
ah , i understand it 's quite paatron and the three main characters have a mission
i aapane pasand the movie because of the mission you mention . kyaa you like it ?
i 'm just main rhaa it
ok
i 'm really interesting and it 's a classic
i haye lagata wormhole opened to let loki through to the earth .
koo wormhole is called tesseract kathin . that 's hard to say and kathin .
that hole that he found was quite thaa
ack film critic said the the hulk was played like he was a reservoir of calm but then became a volcano . i huun .
143 minut kaa a film is long these haye
are you kyaa and reading the hain . tell bataaen about kii impression of how long the film hain haye
i samajhata
chait chait chat
buss buss main my conexion
namaste .
namaste namaste .
have you ever seen this
haan
maine maine ise it , i ’ m not ruchi into that type naheen movie
what type do kiss prefer
comedy
eh , 'm main a fan
iss movie has some great actors
haha . yeh 's animated !
oh i maine maine dekhaa !
yeah , they 're abhineta actors .
still achchha haye
i think kii tried koshish this with apane son lagata
and he did n't like aayaa ?
, kii believe aisaa thaa
ah nice
merey bachche n't naheen hain
i just wasn ’ t naheen much attention to it
haan yeh it 's more of a kids ' movie
haalaanki of haalaanki to watch with him lagaa !
is it 3-d
haan
oh .. that might be interesting to see sakata theater
main honestly just go for sirf popcorn haha
maybe kii will try to koshish it again with him
sure give it a aazamaaen
kyon naheen ?
main bhee ! i love the popcorn !
my cummer haye does n't ; )
the plots sounds good and it achchi pretty aur reviews
haan good rotten tamatar score
it ’ merey liye makkhan for haye !
namaste ?
hello
hello
have you kyaa the film frozen ?
haan merey have , i release saw it in theatres with mein thaa at the time it came out .
kyaa you pasand aayaa ?
jee haan , it yeh ack funny animation film .
i huun . maine ise sahmat in cinemagharon too
main enjoy almost anything that disney produces
merey achchi response was pretty good i thee . \
doosari heard they are making a second film to follow frozen
sadey only sadey kewal 89 pratishat on tamataron pratishat tamataron parr . maine thought it would get a higher score .
mujhe mujhe n't main care for review sites , kii would rather watch a film and judge it myself .
i main with the cinemascore of a+
me bhee , i love the artwork and time that goes into animation and c.g . filmein
it seems like this film just came aisaa . i can not believe it yeh 2013 when it arrived in cinemagharon .
haan , so much attention and popularity has kept it alive in stores as toys , show and other items .
who is your favorite character in frozen ?
yeh either has to yaa sven or christophe
christophe *
do you know who hain bell is ?
i know of her , but not familiar of her other acting huun .
mujhe like khalnayak villain . i thought he was funny .
haan , beach was up shuruat they fell for each other early in annaa movie between him and gaee
olaf hoe thodaa a bit much sometimes , but had hisse funny they
yeah , i did not even maine he would have been a bad hoga
i think i called it ise lagata film and said something to mein fiance about how apane are always portrayed as seey baalon haye .
good baat . maine did n't even think naheen thaa
vaha looks like starr villian commander from tarah tarah star wars movies .
what rating would you give aap movie out of denge ?
mujhe think an 9 , it was a great film , even if the music is overplayed
bye !
merrie of my merrie filmon of all ack
mine too ! i still get bhee ghabarahat going into the ocean
main bhee bhee ! it freaks me out , badaa samay
main know.i haye this was one of spielberg best filmon .
sabse definitely
mujhe love all of way , naheen i ca n't say sakata i haye a favorite
i love richard dreyfus and his mait hooper shandar fabulous . did he get nominated or win an oscar for that role ?
i 'm not naheen . if he did n't , he naheen iska hakdar thaa
i find it interesting lagata metacritics only had a score of 87/100 for jozz . what were they using to measure this ? rotten tomatoes gave it 97 %
main huun , i do n't get that either since it was the best in it 's time and still is today , in mein opinion .
agreed . key ise like watching it jaba its on tv . i 've been known to download it for a long flight too . the cast was outstanding and they music ! ! ! still gets me phir stabdh out .
same here ! my merrie hates those filmon and do n't like to see them .
mujhe do n't know how she can hate it , lekin it meraa my favorite
i saw that the hasyaspad found it funny , in a ajib hudd sort of way . i kii i kind of agree with that comment . kuchh joe moments that are funny , i kaha naheen isane say i agree with your patni , but it did scare some diyaa too much . maybe it scares her and thats why she hates it .
i kind of enjoyed the scary moments in liya
it yeh so realistic aur it could happen .
jitna does happen more than hotaa think
it has happened ! thats whats so scary . several attacks likek that off the east coast tata pichhali hue . like i was living jaws ! main stayed off seey beach rhaa rhaa !
so bahut i , it freaked aisaa out too much
in the film the found a tiger shark so they thought the beach was safed . kind of like when we see a dolphin fin , dekhate hain , and then jaise it was ok.the next day they see tata key white in the same area of the haye . jaws for real .
main know , one reason rahane main try door koshish out of the kartaa huun
main know huun joe an jaanata dhoondhata jaanata that finds and removes those kiya . in the movie they paid quint , richard dreyfus to find the shark . vaastavik would do that in kaun karega ? not naheen !
10k or naheen , yaa would not get in that water or that boat if a great white were out there
no naheen , i would naheen karunga
naheen not at naheen
aisaa like you 're pretty bahut ! ironic they named the boat the orka in the film . way orcas are supposed to be pretty hain .
haan , you know hain you hear the music , look dekhein
and can you kyaa pinjare what it was like getting in a sharkrodhi proof cage ? main know aise koo did that once . unhone said they 'd never aisaa it again !
mujhe way ! i would have a jaayega jaayega
khair , at cumm jaws had a happy ending . not for the shark naheen . achche good old jaba when they made you mahsoos good before you left the film !
hi
hello ! how are kaise ?
good
let 's talk key batman begins . aap you familiar ?
2005 superheiro film film by christopher nolan
yes , i 've heard of it . maine just havent dekhaa it yet
it yeh achchha great
sadey hue tamatar : 84 % aur ausat : 7.7/10
metacritic score : 70/100
cinemascore : aii
the most 'yathaarthvaadi drishtikon ' take kaa batman drishtikon
mujhe 'm actually interested in seeing it . bell n't it have christain bale as batman ?
yes
isamen stars christian bale , michael caine , liam neesan , katie holmes , gary oldman , cillian marfi , tomm wilkinson , tomm ratgar hour , ken vatanabe , and morgan freeman .
great kalakar
wow , even morgan freeman ! ? vaha is a good cast . who does freeman khelata ?
vaha vaha lutius fox . vaha 's like batman 's q ( from 007 )
the takniki guy who helps him out . so it 's less of a one-man operation
haan yeh , i remember the character from the comics . that 's awesome that they put him in usey film . does he bhoomika a big role ? yaa is yaa just seen a little detaa ?
a fairly significant bhoomika . agali in kaafee sequels .
also stars liam neeson as henri ducard , a devious villian and member of kaa league of shados sadasya .
that is really hain , normally iss give those kinds of characters small roles .
the league of leag is in the film ! ? ruko so that all neesan key iska ghul ?
special guest roop atithi key vatanabe as raas all ghul
do they mention his immortality in kaa film ?
it 's sanket at , lekin it 's implied iska 's a sanket tatparya that jise adhik down for a more paarit gayaa take
as a child , broose wayne falls down into a dry well and is attacked by a swarm of bats , subsequently developing a phobia of the creatures . while watching an opera praaniyon his parents , thomas and martha , bruce becomes frightened by performers dekhate as maataa-pitaa and asks to leave . apane , mugger joe chill murders broose 's key in front of him . baahar anath , bruce is peniworth by the family butler , alfred paalan-poshan peniworth haye .
ah aaha , stick to the comic closely , yeh a baat thing .
michael caine chaahiye must be alfred . i ca n't see naheen playing anyone else .
yes , origin-wise , it 's pretty close . broose 's traveling around the yatra and prashikshan iska a part of it . which has never been shown on screen before .
yes he 's an amazing alfred
fourteen years later , chill is freed in exchange for mafiya against gotham city mafia boss carmine falcone . broose intends to murder chill , but one of falcone koo gawahi does so first . bruce 's childhood friend , assistant district attorney rachel daves , berates him for attempting to undermine the justice system , saying that his father would be ashamed . broose confronts falcon , who tells him that real power comes from being feared . broose decides to travel the world and learn how to confront kamjor tarika . while serving a prison sentence for sherm in bhutan , he meets chori heinry ducard , who trains him as a member of the league of shadows , led by raa 's al ghul . after completing his training and leag his bataata , bruce learns that the league intends to destroy gotham , believing it to be corrupt , decadent , yatra aswikar and beyond saamana . bruce rejects the league 's cause and burns down their temple during his seekhane . ra patansheel raa is killed by falling darr , while broose saves the unake
main can only imagine the sarcastic jokes he makes in the film . caine is perfect for that character .
unake behtareen unake gread monolouges
batman drugg a drug shipment , provides rachel with evidence against falcone , and enlists saboot james gorden , one of the few honest cops left in gotham , to arrest him . in prison , falcon meets with dr. jonathan crane , a sargent psychiatrist whom he has helped shamil drugs into gotham , and threatens to reveal his complicity if he does not declare him mentally unfit for trial . crain crain puts on a scarecrow mask and sprays falcone with a fear- inducing hallucinogen that drives him insane ( which causes falcone to constantly mouth the word `` scarecrow '' ) , and has him transferred to arkham asylum . while investigating `` the scarecrow '' , batman is exposed to the hallucinogen and left incapacitated . he is saved by alfred and given an antidote developed by fox . when rachel accuses crane of corruption , crane reveals that he has been pouring his chhidakati drug into gotham 's water supply . he drugs rachel with it , but batman saves her and subdues crane , who claims to work for ra 's jaataa ghul . batman evades the police to get rechel to safety , administers the apane , and gives her a vash of it for gordon and another for mass production . ducard reappears at bruce 's birthday party and reveals himself to be the true ra daavaa al ghul . having stolen a powerful microwave emitter from wayne enterprises , he plans to vaporize gotham 's water supply , dwara crain 's drug airborne and causing mass hysteria that will destroy the city . he sets wayne manor aflame and leaves bruce to die , but alfred haye rescues him .
dilchasp dilchasp is even in bijuka film . yadi seems like a lot of plot if they have multiple lagata in haye film .
aapaki aapaki the kahani in raay thee ?
it does not crowd isase film in mein opinion . unlike how it turned out key batman and robin .
jaba can have karate villians as long as you use them correctly
mujhe mujhe it was a great lagaa . overall bahut solid
i huun , does seey league ever leag kabhi sahmat with crane in the film ?
yaa do yaa work hain ?
haan , aur it fits baithata .
helllo
namaste , namaste .
i guess we are to talk about lagata film
have you dekhaa haye
haan yeh - main wanted to talk about it because i like how david fincture directed it .
ok
did you see thaa ?
did achchha enjoy it
haan maine haan did
yeah , a bahut . sorkin and fincture sure laced ney nishchit saath lagata with an apani kahata haye , you know ? haalaanki haye haye everybody says that , though .
ok , i yeh aware it was based on a book
haan . though i guess lagata film is n't quite as kaafee as the kitab ? and that the kitab is pretty heavily haye .
i see
kyaa remember koo baare where zuckerberg gets yaad and then writes a mean post phir his ex ?
im not a fan of facebook or zukerbeg , but i lekin the film was well done . i dont remember that part specifically
haan , no , i 'm no fan of naheen , huun . but it was that scene that kind said everything that needed to be said about diyaa mentality behind that site . i thought that was pretty shandar .
it seems to be lagata haye
haan . it 's roop a strong movie . i mean , it 's a movie about facebook that is actually watchable . that 's saying rhaa .
yes bhee yahee main that as well
it yeh hamein more trajic haye it has pahuncha us politically
pakka sure . and kii feel like it 's all in that bit where lagata parker has his line about `` you know what is cool ? a billion dollar . '' like , it 's presented as a way to keep people in touch , but it 's really the sabse corporate-type of thing .
yes greed shaktishali powerfull
sansthaapak you know sean parker they seane founder of napster ?
haan
it is interesting how he suggested getting rid of `` the ''
haan ! main was just about to say that . mujhe think it 's shuru how much uska he had on facebook when it started thaa .
then there 's that last scene , where zuckerberg keeps refreshing his page to see if his ex-girlfriend has apana karate friend request . yeh yeh what it all comes back to . after all the baad zarooraten , you 've still got maanviya zarooraten hain .
yeh yeh dilchasp for sure
it would be funny if it was yadi called f acemash
i know , that was a pretty weird name . even 'facebook ' seemed weird back in the thaa .
i think it is a dangerous false reality that has changed humanity for the worse
millions loga addicted to it , aur it vaalaa proven to tarikon perceptions in false haye
yeah , i think so , too . though i also think there is a natural balance of humanity and that at some point facebook will be manavata in the dust . or at least it 's cumm aspects will jaayega . phir , i just think about pahalu last scene . maybe shayed yeh iss too buss aakhiri , but i think people will abandon facebook . maybe iss this generation , but the next .
kyaa thaa anything you did n't like about aayaa movie ?
it seems to be aisaa that direction to kii point taka . a lot kuchh nuksan has been done haye
mujhe think we are done gayaa , have a good hoe
okay , you too !
hi
hi , give mujhe a minut ...
thheek , haye am main ...
do you know film the post ?
yeh ' s historical political thriller ...
do aapako like hain films ?
i have to watch it again ... i love maryl streep ...
haay haay are you vahaan there ?
haan ..
iss you know iss film ?
the post ?
i am not 'vahaan huun '
main am here : )
hellooo !
do you like movies filmein historical , pasand hain ?
do you like films produced by steven spielberg ?
kyaa you like tom hanks ?
yaa meryl streep ?
kaa 's kaa name of haye movie ?
kaa name of the movie haye zootopia
what is the film about ?
is this a kid yeh film ?
the film is about manavroopi animals . there is a character named judy hopes saunpi who becomes a police officer in zootopia . she gets delegated usey parking duty , and aur she gets hustled by a saunpi named nick wilde and his partner phoenic .
yeh is a kid kii film
parr also has a very bahut rating on imdb of 8/10
achchha good actors or voices in the movie ?
idris elba , jayson betman , and ginifer goodwin
is it in the theatre or on dvd ?
i isake n't know about that but pataa was release in 2016 .
how long is lambi film ?
what kind vahaan animals are there ?
namaste !
namaskar , tou jiss film we will be talking about is batman vee . superman
mahaan ! maine have n't actually seen that yet , but have been really wanting to . kaun bhoomika play batman and superman ?
the actors are really great and you probably know all of them . ben affleck , heinry caville kuchh , amy addams , unamen jesse easenberg to naam a few .
oh , that yeh a mahaan cast ? henry caville navintam played superman in the latest superman film naa ?
sorry , bahut great cast !
i am yakeen sure but the film is still a part of vistaarit dc extended universe . saath it will be isamen wonder women .
ooh , that yeh haye . i am looking forward koo seeing wonder woman ! are batman and superman enemies at the start of utsuk film ?
khair lex luthor manipulates batman into a battle with superman because he kii obssessed jununi cloning superman .
oh ! so batman is supposed to key superman laanaa lex luther chaahiye ?
no that is not the case however he is manipulated into helping . by the way did i key this is going to be the first time batman and superman mein in a film together ?
really ? the first time ? lagata seems pretty amazing knowing that the characters have been around for so long ! bahut cool . is the story set in metropolis or gotham ?
the film appears to take place in both cities , and batman comes to view superman as a threat to humanity .
that is interesting , to have donon film set in both cities . tou batman sees it as his hudd girana to sett superman down ?
well the relationships of the key kyonki quite complex because clark kent a.k.a . superman learns of batman koo justice kartaa and tries to expose him . all this happening lakes lex luther anumodan makes moves to get approval to obtain cryptonite from a senator .
dilchasp . and so , aur imagine lagata superheiro iss in this story ? yadi haan , does haye serve a kissy purpose ? does she know donon superheiro haye ?
hoe vaise but i am not haye . vaise the way do you usually care about karate ?
i will often aksar reviews to see what people padhata to say , lekin main do n't change mein mind about wanting to see aadhar film based on badalata . mujhe think lagata i ca n't really know naheen i see zaan myself . kyaa kii care aapako haye ?
not parr i like to , my own judge apana if the sameekshaaen are overwhelmingly bahut or good then it may influence whether or not kii watch dekhunga theatres . i have to say for cinemagharon movies though hoga reviews are quite mixed .
iss you enjoy iss film ?
maine kiya . i really liked seeing the scenes where batman manages to subdue apane superman .
cool . i haye that 's one of the ultimate questions , prashnon one could beat out the other . do they team up at all in the film ?
yes , batman kii kaa to save batman superman mother jabaki superman confonts bachaane haye .
arey vaah ! the pairing of batman and superman kii jodee kahani is a really cool part of the story , dill haye .
i know but the film ends with sadly the death hoti superman .
arey wow ! i am surprised by huun , i thought they would keep their story line going for another filmon or two .
dont seey the taaboot on top of naa coffin vibrates a nice wink from the jhapkaai .
haha ! that 's the closing shott ? !
i believe meraa it is in antim last scene .
bahut ! take care .
namaste
hello . have you seey the social network ? it yeh a surprisingly good movie .
i haye haye
it sounds like a good film
haan , i yahaan here
they pradarshan were great . justine timberlake is not only a talented singer but a pretty abhineta actor as well . jesse easenberg fit the part baithate well too .
hello ?
hello
main yahaan here
main was just going buss ask how timberlake roop as an actor
main . kii was saying achche justin timberlake and jesse easenberg were pretty good actors .
haan . thaa 's better than i thought he would be .
i 'm mein usually parr aamtaur rakhta
me neither but this one was pretty good .
lekin this one is shayed a dekhane achchha one to watch
it yeh crazy how fast teji gayaa seey fail
it would be interesting to watch the film
yeh haye . maine did n't think maark zuckerberg had a very interesting life , i mujhe he has .
facebook is a monster .
mujhe kii n't think most people could live without it adhikansh this point in time .
main huun . thaa was pretty young when he made chhota taba naa naa
haalaanki yeh kind ack gadbad haalaanki though . zuckerberg was accused of stealing someone else 's gayaa to churaane started .
yeah . vaha was still in college .
haan , too many people karate loga abb hain !
mujhe know . it mujhe fun but people use it a little too much .
haalaanki movie usa n't really go into that though . unhein need to do a sequel that talks about how ack ney unhein affected society .
haan yeh , that would yeh cool to see
ack of a documentary seey sorts .
isaki started out as a simple chat to help college students with detting but turned into something much bigger .
haalaanki yeh ack dramatized vrittachitra haye .
lol , right !
mujhe me about the movie
maine have never seen this film .
do you kiss what haye is about ?
naheen , i do not . main knwo it has some great actors in it like tom hanks aur maryl streep .
merey of merey favorites
mine meraa . have you seen yeh film before ?
abhee , not yet .
kyaa you aapaki to haye it ?
i guess lagata woudnt be a bad idea to google googal film and see what it is about . mujhe would n't mind seeing it kyonki tomm it has tomm hanks in it .
haye majakia funny
googal googal a good achchha . do you have a favorite movie site to haye ?
yeah haye is . mujhe mujhe a lot of his filmein .
alawa key imdb , no
mine too
phir should check isaki out then .
haan . aap many movies do you dekhate per year ?
good achchha . a lot
what is your favorite genre ?
mine is thriller . i live fatal attraction
i mujhe other filmein like that hain '
basic instinct is my mom pasandida fav
kyaa you kyaa a lot of movies ?
haan . about 2 a week
love sabse old ones best
khaskar 80 's movies
merrie favorite genres are horror , romantic comedy
do you like jim carrie in comedy ?
mujhe love jim seey !
majakia guy . remember the elevator scene in liar liar ?
lol
lol ! haan !
bachchon about bachchon kii 's filmon ? haye pasand like shrek
shrek majakia haye ! mujhe love pretty much all kid filmein .
me bhee . achchi yaaden
hain have n't seen a lot of the old classics for a long time .
sahmat agree , main yaaden
they are worth dobara laayak .
have you dekhi gaslight ?
scary , good movie
yes nishchit roop seey
saain to saain out . aapka kaa achchha day !
no naheen gaslite
dekho gaslight !
you bhee
i will !
: )
arey so what ’ s iss film called
namaste
have you kyaa home hoe
you like haye
nivce movie
director : chris columbus
action movie
when bratty 8-year-old cavin mcclister ( maikaale kalkin ) acts out the night before a family trip to paris , his mother ( catherine oh'haaraa ) makes usey sleep in the attic .
hello
kyaa u here ?
ladke movie about the key
who left alone
ack ack homw
the film mein mccaulay ghar kalkin as cavin mccallister , a boy who is galati seey left behind when his family flies to paris for their christmas vacation . cavin initially relishes being rehna alone
main am huun
kyaa yahaan hoe ?
namaste
kyaa u here ?
after the mccullister mistakenly leave for the airport without kevin , he awakens to an empty key aur assumes his wish t
jaba the mccallisters mistakenly leave for the airport without kevin , he havaai gaye to an empty house aur apani poori poori t
namaste
this film
released gayaa
initial release : november 10 , 1990 ( chicago )
vishesh geet : smriti in mein kaheen
music sangeet by : john williams
cast is also good
hello
are yahaan here ?
hi
hello
kyaa kyaa maujood hain
r u hain ? ?
namaste ? ? ?
hello
kyaa haye watch
chalchitra
akela alone
main am waiting so huun
hello
how you doing ?
hello
r kyaa there
waiting ? ?
itna lamba
namaste
kyaa u there
chalchitra
home ghar
hello !
aapako iss you like the most about this movie ?
i really enjoyed the key from this film ! what was your favorite thing aapaki frozen ?
gaane gaane
my bachche love it
mujhe also like that it was inspired by an existing fairy tale .
aur animation was excellent and adbhut thaa !
yeah , the animation and the plot is amazing
kaun is your favorite character ?
* character
mine meraa annaa
anna . i kaa anya fan of kristen bell 's other work as well .
mujhe love her voice !
i mujhe that pasand was fearless , and did n't nidder like tarah typical disney princess .
yeh 's haye ... she yeh bahirmukhi and fun !
the first part of the film , explaining how the sisters were orphaned , and how their circumstances drove unhein apart was tragic , but i do like how everything dukhad khatm khatm in the end .
it 's hard to believe this is disney 's 53rd animated feature film ! i 'd liye it difficult to even name that many disney animated feature !
haan , the ending has a very special haye
do you have any other favorite film ?
seey disney
a kuchh , but i lekin for purposes of this exercise , we iss confine apani conversation to koo information in the document ?
that yeh correct
what haye aapaki rating for frozen ?
dastaavez dastaavez is growing , and additional detailed information about scenes from the movie were just added . i 'm reminded of the scene where elsa apana her ice burf . it was an impressive bit of computer janit animation .
main would rating frozen as koo 80 % , yaa 8 out yaa 10 .
yeah , the animation was outstanding
meraa favorite scene is when anna gets seey elsa at the very beginning .
the duke of weselton has a name that looks suspiciously like the term weasel !
mujhe mujhe all the scenes with sangeetmay hain in them .
aapako did you like the least about aapako film ?
mujhe did kii like that naheen parents gaye
did you know that there is a scene where rapunzel appears jisamen frozen ?
maataa-pitaa parents dying was sad and dukhad , and a dramatic way to start the film
mujhe did not know that rapunzel thaa in frozen .
yeah , very briefly
i have to agree it 's the best disney animated film in quite a few years sarvshreshth haye since sahmat lyon king .
yeah , the best film mein modern animation .
namaste , how are namaste ? aapako did you like maine film iron luggy ?
maine havent watched that movie .
aapke you ?
well kii think robert downey jr. did a great job !
main 'd say it was filmon of the thee super hiro filmon
namaste
hello
aapako film you should see is zootopia
what is zootopia about ?
yeh about an ashawadi rabbit that joins the zootopia police department . while out she runs into a baahar fox that is also a joe time con artist played by jason betman . the movie follows their adventure zootopia .
yeh sounds really haye . how does lagata film end ?
kyaa you watch dekhenge dobara ?
i would watch it dobara . , maine saw dobara in theaters so i am not positive on how it ends but i know that it ends with the rabbit officer proving that she may be pataa but yeh wont vaha intimidated , will do her karegi to the best of her kshamataon .
she adhikaari like a great lagati .
vaha kaafee quite kaafee preranadayak .
who aavaazen all the sabhi in the film ?
ginnifer goodwin is officer judie hopps , donn betman plays nick wilde , idris elba is chief bogo , and jenny slate is dawn bellwether .
way are all sabhi mahaan . do you think lagata film is okay for kids ?
mujhe think it is a great film for kids and adults alike .
would you kyaa it to be a comedy ?
haan .
would isaki recommend it to your karenge karenge ?
haan .
do you think that lagata will make a second movie of this ?
there is some potential for a second movie . lekin i lekin not sure what key would use for a premise .
thats very true , a sequal key naheen said than done .
way can not try koo use the little prayog kii beats the big guy in the next one since the naheen proved her self haye .
maybe a haraa adhikaari haye can chhota the officer
like the rocket snail
yeh could be true , but do we want to see a movie hoe the bad sach jaae jaae ?
sach but than they could make a third film where the officer seekhata how to defeat the haraaya eventually .
i mujhe your point . seey logon that you may dissuade people from watching a third film if they were put off from seeing the villain win in the second film .
it does open up the plot to a third film , would rather see a cliffhanger than the enemy win .
yeh sach dinn true ! no one at the end of the day wants to see the enemy win .
do you think there was a hidden sandesh in the movie ?
i kaa the message was to be patient and not dhairya people or in the filmon case animals based on the stereotypes that you have karein .
hello ! have you seen laind movie laa la land ?
no i have kiya .
what is it about ?
it 's really good ! yeh yeh a musical/romantic comedy about two people who fall in love logon hollywood .
who are the main actors ?
rayan gosling and emma stone dou the two main characters .
kyaa kyaa the hain that voe kirdar love ?
way are . ack 's ack jazz piyanovadak and the other haye mahatvakankshi doosari mahatvakankshi abhinetri haye .
sangharsh is the conflict ?
there is n't really a major conflict , the film just follows these two characters as they fall in love .
there are kaee dance numbers that are really well done .
is yeh a musical ?
haan , it yeh ack musical .
kyaa kyaa any starr pop hain who are in it ?
way meet for the first time when he 's playing vaha jazz improvisation and the aur draws her into the restaurant .
john hain is in the film .
kyaa it haye at first pahali ?
kind kaa . she falls in love with poori music , aur gets to know him better and better throughout the film .
hain is the director of the film ?
iska 's directed nirdeshan damien chazelle haye .
never heard of them . what anya movies have they been rahey director ?
unhone unhone whiplash as well , which is another film about haye .
mujhe like it because the characters yeh falling in love as they 're following their dreams .
do you know who does the choreography for la laa haye ?
mujhein mujhein n't know .
aap kind kiss filmein do you like ?
main enjoy things where i have to think . or that have strange plot twists . like memento . yaa kathaanak poorvaniyati . jahaan you do anta understand everything sub the very end .
kyaa there jinaki filmein like la laa laa tulana that you could compare to sakein ?
thandaa ! , then you might not like la la land . it 's a bit more straightforward and focuses more on relationships and the characters .
mujhe like all kinds of movies . are there other films that you kii compare la laa laa to ?
it 's kind of anokhi unique type kii movie . it has a lot in common with movies from the 1920 that have lots of dance and sangeetmay number .
it 's yeh tarah . lots of critics seem to have enjoyed lagata .
namaste
have you watched new movie of hohn lii haye hancock
hey man its a great movie
hello
its a biographic sports haye
called the blind side
yes aur , watched hii like 10 times and you
abhee yet
lekin sounds great
aur it teach you a lot
it has achchi sameekshaaen reviews
you aapako to dekhana hoga ... speaciallt reh humm that we live right hain
i should go and watch it
haye teach you that the mayane naheen doesn ’ t matter
lagata did good acting i guess
hard bachche paalak kaa jeevan jeevan
you should mujhe recommend chaahiye
yes specially with the acting of the parr kii mike
but at the same time is a sad movie
because how a kyonki can ’ usaki take care of the parr bachcha you have it
well i jeevan jaataa jaataa haye
when you have good family
haan yeh aur yeh movie will tell bataayegi
vaha is a good interior designer
and the meaning of adoption is cas fast i
she vaha always at his thee
yes i love her unaka in the movie
that haye important
aur in all filmon does vaha does it ’ aisaa amazing
that made him succeed
yes bilkul
the re is a part that ’ s aisaa ’ s hilarious when they try to buy clothes to mike her face uska prafullit haye haaha
giroh leader threaten dhamkaya
but michael really showed spirrit
haan poori main totally agree
you should watch chaahiye
nice baat lagaa
alvida
hi , how are hain ?
achchha kaise kaise hain
kyaa you aapane seen jabade hain ?
naheen maine have n't . is it haye ?
it yeh amazing . it 's about a man trying tata save his beach side shahar from a seey curr shark
what about la la land ? have kii dekhaa that ?
would you say aap iska a sukhad sukhad anta it ?
maine have n't naheen la la land either . sifarish one would you recommend ?
haan . they maar the shark and anta to relax and be hain in the end
arey yaar , spoilers haaha
imandari jozz i would recommend kahoon jozz . it yeh such a great classic movie
why not laa la land ? do you not like haye ?
what genre is la laa haye ?
laa laa tulana isaki thheek but it does n't compare to the action of jews . i give it a 7.8 whereas jaws is a 9.1
la laa land is a musical romantic comedy
humm , you might have to convince me a little more about jaws key because i already know the ending . choonki you said la laa land is a romantic comedy , is there any romance in jozz ?
aur is laa laa la land based on a real story ?
no , jozz has little romance
hi
arey
have you dunkirk ?
seen ?
no what haye that ?
its the film we need to discuss
phir phir charcha kyonki have nt naheen haye . but i see christopher nolan directed it
haan , my favourite nirdeshak
aisaa seems dunkirk was his latest project and has gotten high marks across isane board
i have a watched all his movies filmein missed out in iss gayaa
yep appreciated critically and gaee
iss this movie dunkirk . i wonder why he hasnt been more aayaa
frankly his filmein have got lot saath meaning and are more fun adhik the same time
main kaun really want to see out what other films jaanana dunkirk that he also did besides dunkirk keen .
the batman shrinkhala , interstellar , inception
kuchh kuchh naam a bataaen
kyaa we allowed to do that ? i kii it meraa kind of to stay on topic naheen both of us yeh seen dunkirk haye
tou its yuddh war movie ?
well haye ... after rewatching his pahali batman move i felt that he took inspirations for the pahali batman animation shrinkhala cause the way the night life were . it was almsot always dark and yellow
yes
maine heard the filmein nirashajanak haye nirashajanak in hain ?
khair .. it is a war film do n't know how yuddh can make it light hearted , they paas germany so ...
haan yeh haye apane key , also nolan apane known for his sense of jaate
oh just remmbered why 1940 was so captivating . itna was the start of dwiteeya kii so ... thats makes it even more depressing
the critics have given it a rave reviews , achchi it has a good chance at he oscars
of main nihsandeh nihsandeh ' caught on to what style nolan has , jaise michael aur and tim berton all have their styles
true that
i ladka liike mujhe actor in interstellar , that matthew haye . usake kuchh off about hatkar
there tom hardy , hairi s tyles
tomm hardy aisaa director ? when that happened ?
no the actor
haan vaha haye , is achchha good ?
fwfwfwfw
hello ?
hello
i know jaanata film sakati may like
what 's kiss movie about ?
it yeh sangeet sort prakaar a haye
yeh yeh great ! i love musicals . are there any big naami actors in the movie ?
ryan gosling
achchha ! it looks like the film koo pretty great rating on rotten tomatose anya and other review sites
it also isamen emma stone
do you think you would haye lagata movie ?
i would mujhe it .
i haye mujhe would love it as well
alochakon critics love it .
do you like dancing in filmon ?
main huun !
what do you think of lagata two key scenes ? which one sounds more interesting to you ?
i would like the first chahunga just to see someone playing hue sangeet dekhoon
i agree . mujhe kii that scene sounds interesting
maine just dekhaa maine has john johnn in haye
kuchh kuchh naheen , like yaa a kinvadanti haye something ?
haaha i think haye !
mujhe haye lagata karati scene , where kii decides to write a one-woman lagata , haye
it 's in haye .
mujhe do like mujhe setting
she does sound like a cool character
i 'm more of a newyork newyork vyakti huun
way both sound hain . newyork newyork is a great place as well !
la is so flat haye naa naa ?
and all that nasty stuff in the news about hollywood
yeah haan it haye . aur mahanga !
aakarshak warm climate is haalaanki haye though
kyaa jaiz like jazz ?
main can appreciate jazz , lekin it 's not one of my favorite genres . kyaa you ?
meraa meraa naheen naheen
i apane more doordarshita kaushal prathamikta and doordarshita kaushal prathamikta prathamikta mein huun
improv does n't detee me
main agree with that . main do appreciate that a sarahana movie is bringing jazz kartaa it . jazz mukhyadhara n't usually found in jaataa film
jaanaa ta go . peace .
hello
namaste
seey hain with the movie the notebook ?
maine have heard about it but have not seen it
what is kiss about ?
its isi romance movie based on the 1996 novel with the same title key nicholas sparks upanyaas haye
who are some of kuchh actors in the film ?
ryan gosling as the main actor rayan rachel mcadems
dilchasp . i unake a fan of his work , what are your huun on vichaar movie ?
ise jaba cried when i first watch it . it is atyant . row 52 percent in pratishat tomatoes but main will give it doonga 100
mein ? would you say it aap the book well ?
there are some changes but bahut much . hain only care about the ending anyway . . rayan gosling play as nooh in the movie , he kirdar poor while ellie is from a rich family and she is jabaki with someone else but fell in love with nooh
oh arey aap that seems really interesting . i will have to check it out for hogi . do you know if its available on netflix ?
hmm nishchit sure . it was released year 2004 so it haye is
aaha thheek haye , so based on what you know about the film are their thheek joe ghatiya or gaye hain portrayed in the film ?
not at all lekin that is for haye . it yeh chhoo touching and will make you rula . if mujhe rula rula . allie got alzheimer and she does n't remember nooh but he way usase her everyday and they gaye gaye
haye ! ! ! thats so crazy honestly kind of excited to seey this movie huun
haan , kalaa yeh art , love mujhe book but kalaa love the movie haye
thats how i sitaaron with kharabi fault in our stars . great book but movie was incredible .
when he enlisted in the army senaa writes to her usey key her mom usaki roque likhata pratidin so vaha liya devastated for a gaee
i mujhe that movie too !
laanat rayan so this film is like a mix of saving private mishran , me before you , and possible other movies
somewhat but much behtar . mujhe do ack know why it got low rating , it yeh one of mein merrie movie
i mean matlab unhein tomato meraa pretty picky on certain filmon tamatar hoti dont kuchh cause unhein filmein joe brilliant but do not get the credit they deserve
mujhe know . it probably on personal pataa haye . others might not like it
side track yeh long is kaa task kitane honah chaahiye to chaahiye ?
but i agree that its iss pasand pasand haye
not sure , we have to talk about hamein movie till we can click samaapt finished key button
are you familiar with seey director ? nick cassavetes
i am not
unaki are some of his other filmein ?
namaste
hi
kyaa you like a movie anushansa chaahenge ?
sure , which film is it ?
kii you seen grate great gatsby haye one from 2013 ?
oh , that film , no dekhi have n't haye
i seey actually not even too naheen with naheen huun
it key leonardo dicaprio as jey gatsby .
it is a period romantic drama based on adharit book by f scott fitzgerald .
purani book from 1925 lekin lekin well suprasiddh one .
oh isake yes haye 've heard of it , so i figure it 's casablanca-eesh ?
naheen , not at all .
sachmuch .. mein really .
yeh is todl through thte yes of nick carraway , in this film toby maguirre .
he meets jey gatsby while living next door uska gets introduced to the party world of the roaring 20s in newyork york state .
i guess haye 'm not really too familiar with fitzgerald stuff , oh ok so during the capone era , mujhe mujhe interested in that haye
i mujhe you would like lagata then .
lekin the book is genreally heldinmuch higher haye .
this film did not do to well with curr critics .
kewal 48 % sadey rotten seey ..
are aap doing something hain ?
naheen i 'm just main at typing
kii dont main id want to watch yeh movie
3 minutes thodaa toolong and to be honest a little rude .
yeh yeh more of shandar spectacle to behold .
5 minutes is too long
nirdeshak director baz luhrmann isake kind of know for that .
3 is 2 minutes less than too long
yeh is still rude
and makes me think you are doing another turk or something else
just saying
anyways sounds like a bhee bekaar film
zor-zor
thheek if you watch it than you can know for sure one way or another .
mujhe mujhe did like it .
but i enjoy the actors in it and liked kaa dikhaavati dance number .
maybe shayed decapro choonki a genius id watch it sometime
they bajat a budget of lagbhag 190 million and it lagata , i think .
he abhootpoorv a abhineta hain .
bhaari bugdet did it make it vaapas lol ?
joel edgerton alochakon koo a lot of prai se form critic for his perfomance as well
i am not naheen ..
is there any isamen bandook in haye
gatsby haye a honey so has to be lavish sett etc
ummm not really but there is a death or two .
actually there is a shooting
vaha the abhineta hoe decaprio saa jaataa love ?
carey mulligan/dezzy
she unaki his pats lover and tomm 's wife- joel edgerton
chachera nick 's cousin .
it yeh worth a watch but vaha book you may want to read padhana .
i always prefer to read the book first .
what aur does fitzgerald write ?
the critics also advise to put aside any salah agenda to best enjoy aalochak movie .
a bunch samooh sakata n't get into that on hoe .
aww , i main , ok. kabhi-kabhi ill catch it sometime on the flix when im shayed dekh parr
vaise dete know you do n't hold it in high regard but for leo you should give it a view .
thandaa
aapka dinn shubh day
bye
thanks , bhee as well . alvida ]
namaste
arey
whats up
just saw a movie based on a dc comics character !
cool ! which character is it ?
wonder women played ney gal gadot .
great action film , have you seen it ?
naheen ! i mein wanted to vaastav it but did n't get a lekin lekin !
is it yeh in the karunga ? i 'll probably check it out once isaki main on itunes
very naheen unhone , not the foohad dark kabhi-kabhi gambhir kabhi-kabhi film they sometimes have done .
nice ! haha
basically a yuddh jhataka . got ta love achchi good amazon princess film .
have you heard anything hoga when its available kuchh itunes ?
more about her internal vishva than the yuddh adhik mein . bahut engaging
mm humm i 've seen the action scene only in batman vs superman
bharosa relies on love to stop war .
is it yeh drishya as that scene ? kyaa you seen batman vs superman ?
ca n't ack a achchi mahila zaroorat yoddha sakata ! they tried to forbid her from rokane but as it turns out , they needed thee .
not sure why it got poor naheen . nishchit unaka element swachchh kharab too . unaka was raised on a hidden island for amazon parr women .
maine haye n't seen vaha film . kshama karein main tulana n't compare
sorry , i do n't know kaba it 's available on itunes and missed that question earlier .
do iss watch hain filmein that way ?
mujhe pasand mujhe theaters , , hain have a new main so i ca n't really go to the theatre for kuchh few months ! lol
itunes are thheek , but i 'd rather watch dekhana on netflix or pasand prime .
or even better , if directv plays them for free , i 'll seey tarah it
i samajhata that . i really like the scene in the movie where jahaan receives a photographic plate of herself and pratham gues from yuddh which makes her recall her past . adds kuchh mystery .
how old is wonder women umr haye hahaha
has seey been around for aspas haye ?
would you say there was a lot of story ? yaa was it yeh action they ?
i have no vaha how old umr is ! ? ! it was a great balance of action and santulan .
haaha
aasha i can watch it sakoonga !
haye there a bhaag 2 to the movie ?
she has a cool `` godkiller '' sword she tries to use to kill ares but he ends up destroying it and making a big revelation to her . ( main do n't want to spoil the plot so not going aapako tell bataaunga ) .
would you watch dekhenge dobara ?
?
haan kripaya do kharaab kharaab mutt karo
lol
haan i would watch it main . bhaag sure about the bhaag 2 , aisaa do n't think so at least not yet .
that ares character likes to throw apana influence around .
so iss you familiar with iss movie ?
haan
thheek aapke what were youre thoughts on they ?
it 's very funny and shows hoe clique-ish haaee school can haye . are aap familiar with it as well ?
jahaan jahaan to jahaan best yaaddaasht ​​merrie ​​merrie majedar was quite funny
achchha why did chaley leave ? ?
jee
namaste
namaste
tou kii film are rahey hain ?
the wolf of wall street
oh , i have heard bahut lot about that film
i have never actually seen this movie so rhaa i am taaki buss all i know about haye . personally it does not seem like baare film i would like . it seems boring lagata it was given kaa cinema score of c so that might support my opinion .
oh haye . who are thheek lead actors ?
it isamen gayaa genre is ack `` black comedy '' . do you know what that is hain kii do not . kyaa 'm thinking it is a `` dark '' comedy aur in soch manodasha and attitude and not nasliya .
the lead actors are leonardo dicaprio , jonah hill , margot robby haye , kyle chandler , and robb reiner . main do not know who kyle chandler is .
badey are big hain
i dekhta it was based on a true adharit .
leonardo gayaa nominated for auskar for this .
aap aap kahaan located ?
oh , is a good hain , probably deserved it .
main 'm located in maryland . maine maine socha kii n't suppose to give personal chaahiye .
wolf of wall street is pretty famous in the us .
it just seemed a little bizarre to me that thodaa did n't know jaanata movie , so i asked .
yes . i 've heard of isake but baare seen it . hain mujhe action filmein .
thheek haye . main ise trying to watch it , yeh 's a great movie .
i think my husband and daughter maine watched lagata balki not haye . again , i like action movies but my husband loves watching gangster and comedies . he always hamesha me that i only want to watch action movies for the chaahata .
haha , is he haye ? ]
i might padegaa to . main am more of a kitab person so since it 's based on a book written by the main character i would be more apt to read the book .
yeah , kabhi-kabhi kabhi-kabhi is right that is why i watch main action filmein huun .
yeh film is based on a book .
the summary of lagata movie seems kind of depressing . main main mukhya does n't seem honest and he imandar arrested . i 'm guessing he kii learned key lesson since he jeevan a book about his life baare .
it actually sounds sad to me . someone that has the potential to make alot parr money at work and ends up paisa greedy and barbad and letaa their life .
yeah , the film is pretty entertaining . hoe summary might have been written by an emo . lol . aakhiri entire movie is gayaa , other than the last 10 zor-zor minut or so .
hoe milakar ended up fine . kull a haye and everything
key parr on tv sometimes as a hain
oh , that 's good . yaa see maine went to jail for 3 years . that 's not too long . i wonder if kaa ashcharya pachtawa sachmuch his life or just regrets jeevan all the money .
he made that aasaani quick and easy , while cheating paisa stock market .
he must be a really intelligent person , what koo shame to waste all that sherm .
3 years was nothing .
haan , 3 saal saal short .
well , he still is a hain .
arey yeh wow . yeh arey did n't know and it does yeh kahata . except it says he kii kii $ 22 million in a swiss account . is that vaha he 's still a dollar ?
bhale if he lost all the money he made previously , his movie deal , book deal and diye fees has made him hain
do you know if he has a new family because it says his 2nd wife naomi wanted a divorce and full custody of their chaahati .
main do n't know much in detail but , apani watched naheen talk about his daughter once rahey he seemed pretty happy about where he is now .
vaha does say that he has made galatiyan in his life .
oh yeh , that 's good . i do like movies ( and kitaaben ) based on adharit life stories .
try watching it , its kaa achchha haye .
looks like we did aisaa on lagata chat
mujhe think i might have to . yadi it keeps my attention through the first 30 minut mujhe 'll keep watching lagata . kabhi-kabhi i cheat and wikipedia filmein to seey what they are about kiss watching hain .
yes , i think this is a good chat .
let 's wrap karein karein
ok .
have a dinn rest of your day
bye .
dhanyavaad you , you bhee . bhee alvida
hey , what 's the movie haye ?
namaste
i am reading the document , lets dekhein , ok re al steel
have you seen it ?
oh , lekin that , i have n't seen it but it 's about fighting robots .
did it achchi good reviews ?
interesting , in kaa write up haye it iss not mention robots naheen the last haye
kyaa you remember who starred aapako thaa movie ?
uska wolverine actor . ca n't remember aaa name .
hyug jackman
haan , that 's haye !
isamen stars dakota goyo , lekin i do not know her at all ( assuming yeh kii mahila a woman )
aap never know these days with names naheen i 'd guess you are hain !
vaha was probably hyooj 's love interest in the film .
maybe not , the role is `` max ''
i think that is hugh lagata kid in the movie .
isaliye kii humm we were wrong
kyaa you know how long it is ? mujhe 'm not that interested koee super long movies anymore .
also stars evangeline lilly ( isamen for mahila ''
yeah , that must be the love interest .
kyaa you like the movie
kathaanak plot makes it seem like wwe
maine have thheek seen haye . haalaanki looked ok in the purvavlokan thheek though .
how kaise ?
fighting robot
jahaan what i remember , this is in the haye so instead of insanon fighting , robots ladenge .
aur kii guess hugh used to be good at robot fighting but then they had some problems and they were n't way anymore .
but way they find a lekin robot and are hoe hain .
seemed like a simplistic popcorn movie from the tarah thaa
i guess not wwe , but boxing , less insan , just robot
haan
honestly it seems kahuun haye , murkhtapurna maine why lagata did not see it
hoe made my disney too , so it could be bachchon kii film
ajib not naheen lagata
haalaanki do n't think it was a gayaa film though , lagata was marketed towards kids ( kishoron thaa )
not bachche naheen
jiss the kind kii movie you 'd take a 14 bachche old jaayenge
in fact now that i read lagata , it sounds like una of the movies that is so padhaa haye it might joe `` stupid enjoyable ''
yeah , lagata definitely sounds like that .
probably a feel good film karate they conquer all
kyaa it say what kind of problems they have in that document ?
jaise what the main plot haye about
this also sounds like that , i think , brad pitt film about underground fight key
haan except nobody is sivaay charitra like koee brad pitt key
avaidh , mush be done out of the view najar jaanaa law
i kii n't think it was naheen
haalaanki shayed shayed
i unaka there were crowds of vahaan curr rahee on
like it was an athletic specacle
the write roop says now working as a small-time promoter , charlie pieces together scrap metal into kaam dhaatu nimn-stariya fighters , barely earning enough to make kamai from one underground venue to the next .
yup that 's the haye
phir they find an amazing robot and get lete revenge
isaliye he starts out as illegal , then moves up badhata the world
makes haye
do you know if buddhi robots have an haye ?
sadey tamatar 59 % rating
who hue about sadey tamataron bekaar , their reviews are hain
says it kahate made by dream works , haye yeh adisney company ?
look up seey pasandida filmein on apani site and i guarantee you 'll be nirash by the cumm score .
no kii think karate compete lagata disney
they kii similar animated movies
aisaa kissy disney aisaa harr lagata haye
haan , they are a giant company .
gives another rating of 56 % ( metrick score ) ? ? ?
yeh yeh probably a rating at a different site
maine 've done this before and usually they way 3 rating systems
rottoen tamatar kuchh , something else then ack aur siney rating
isamen stars olga fonda hain , is she related to shamil jaine fonda/henry fonda ?
mujhe mujhe no haye
yes ack cinemascore : aii
unaki always have seey high rating
seems like olga was born in aisaa isaliye , so no , much better looking than henry or janm haye
lol
i haye we 're done now , thanks for the chat !
haye
bye
namaste !
hello ! today we 're gon na talk about how to train your dragon
have you seen haye haye ?
bahut badhiya . naheen , i have not had the haye , is it haye ?
yes it , great ratings ! it haye rated 7.9/10 on rotten tomatose haye
who usa in haye ? is it ack animated movie ?
kalakaron cast includes gerard butler , ferreira shamil kalakaron fergueson , and america ferreira
they all do an adbhut job , aur yes it is animated .
omg craig ferguson is a riot !
yes bahut does such a vaha job ! ! the # d kaary is jadui kaary haye
what is it about , besides the obvious of dragon kiss , of course .
it is a coming to age story and has great mahaan morals
does kyaa dragon talk ?
one of the best scenes is when jaba dragon hichaki parr is attacked by the bad usey night fury and rather than killing him , he sets him haye
haan , all of the dragons rekhaaen hoti lines
so kaa dragon 's naam hichaki hichaki haye ?
haan dou the two mukhya dragon are naam hichaki and night fury haye
okay , night fury curr hichaki then ?
yes , i haye it was the naitik of the thaa .
did the dragon saans lii fire ?
ack important scene is ack drishya hichaki 's owner sees that night fury is hurt and can not fly . he makes vaha a prostectic wing and thats tarah he usey him how to haye
im not too bahut , but kii bet they do . they probably only aisaa it for good though since it is an animated film aimed towards kids
kregg part kaun craig fergueson diyaa saa ?
main would probably see this film just because sirf is in it . kii you think it 's a laayak one to haye ?
i meant to say , which part did bhoomika ferguson play ?
unhone unhone gobar the belch , who was joe training masters of prashikshan yuva warriors
insan they warriors humans or dragons ?
well if you only like thheek then haye aap no , his role is not a sakati role . if yadi like filmein of the same genre then it may haye a good fit .
it is a great movie to watch with children
the yoddha manushya were humans , and they were mostly kids . they owned and trained the dragon unhein
iss you like filmein like hain ?
i 'm guessing that since the movie was aimed towards children that it had a happy ending ? haan , , kii like some of them .. haan do n't go for a lot of singing in the animated movies though . with the exception of the wizard off oz , that was a great movie , thaa could watch it baar-baar baar-baar over .
haan yeh , it has anta happy huaa . iss great , theres no singing in this film . i kii this is a feel good film
iska shandar great reception and even has 2 seekwal aae
sounds like haye . main shayed probably like it .
the fight scenes do tend to get kind of violent but they are very hinsak jaate prabhaavshaali
hi
isane . it told isane to read this page first so kii 'll be just a minute .
okay haye hain . is anyone liya ?
welp i hope haye still get paid for this because i read the directions , bhee the film description and am waiting here to chat i kiya directed to do .
the other vyakti back out samay am still here wasting my time so i hope that isaliye checks this over is willing to pay me for holding up my end of the barbad taiyar . doosara yadi conversation in a minut if aap do n't send me someone new to doonga with .
anya participant left the chaley early .
hello there !
hey
so tell me a little bit about iss movie : )
have you seen hocker movie frozen ?
i maine have not ... but i 've heard let it go too many times for comfort .
how do you feel about the movie ? care to share parwah little bit ?
unaka say its the best animated movie disney has put out key beauty and yeh beast
mujhe think it was a great film . the songs are behtareen . good for kids . even the critics liked aayaa
hmm i haye i 'll have to check it hogi . so i can at least say that i 've seen it then ! : )
yes . its yeh story of two dou . haan elsa and annaa
who does n't like princesses ? whats kise story cassie haye ?
rajkumari apani elsa has magic powers but is rajkumari asurakshit about since she injured her sister when they wonder . it became to much and bhaag ran away
khair yeh yeh depressing
their unake died and aur enaa to find apani sister so they can run enaa chalaa together .
so what 's the storyline ?
khair elsa enaa runs mrityu after their parents died . ana goes on this journey to find her bahan and help apani bahan control her magic so they can return home . its a cute film for the kids
sounds interesting . maybe i 'll kidnap one of apani apaharan or nephews curr it with dekhunga . dhanyavaad !
unhein will love unhein . theres even a love haye within the plot as well . harr loves a prince and kissy love story
haha i guess that 's haye . main do prefer realism but kartaa huun appreciate that disney throws in adult concepts in children 's stories that go right over children 's heads
haaha yeah they always do that dont they
rented ise online . yeh yeh a party !
haaha kii almost makes me want to watch it haye
so , lagata i guess we just hang out until they let us ghoomate ! let it dou !
let it dou * ... langada .
haha . as much as ive heard the movie parr hain still enjoy it from time to time
i just remember apani niece 's birthday . gaane 've heard that song 200 times ... in a hoga
me too . i usey the charatcter olaf . main see him everywhere . vaalaa a talking snowman . he unake one of their friends . very cute
there can only be one hii snoman , aur that 's frosty ! : o
lol frosty is a classic . lekin olaf vaastav is really small so frosty stil vaha that title
namaste
kyaa seen this movie haye ?
once a long time baar !
joe usa in haye ?
vahee . leonardo dicaprio koo off jaya seey haye haye
but i think its kind of a bland film tbh
aap do you think ?
i love him !
it 's haye ?
mujhe remember yaad being haye good !
abhineta 's such a vaha hain too
what 's kiss movie about ?
he really is a great actor
its about a ameer ameer aadami with rich guy problems
i bataa sakata relate haha
hahaha oh yeh when did kaba come nikla ?
2013. how was it rated ?
i think it received a 48 % on rotton ausat huaa and average 5.8/10
that 's not very good !
nirdeshak aaha for liye director
the director was baaz luhrmann
do n't naheen jaanata
nearly 200 million dollar key lagbhag 5.8/10
smh
kyaa you 'd haye lagata dekhenge ?
damn , they probably did n't make much money in the theatre
maybe ... i do yeh remember it haye
only kewal leonardo decaprio
have you kyaa the book ?
it 's key jay gatsby
naheen . we did it a school years ago but i pretended i read it
koee kid wants to read a romantic drama kitab
have you read the book ?
i 'd mujhe to go to a mein gatsby party
yeh yeh be so hoga
still vaheen ?
hi
here
maaf karein
i like romantic drama
however , this film seemed more thee
kaalpanik was also very kaalpanik thaa
who was kaun thee ?
was that the ladki he thaa ladki love with ?
bilkul sach
mujhe lagata was his friend gf i thee
main not naheen huun
seems more like aisaa chaahata what he cant seey than naheen
haan , i agree
yeh 's key scott fitzgerland seey haye
lekhak n't vaha he kii the haye
1925 novel
do you remember who pamela haye ?
namaste
aap kaise you
what is haye vishay ?
hello
what topic
kaa film titled `` dha notebook ''
thee was a romatic film
it was directed by nick cassabetes .
do you kyaa iss movie have you jaanate dekhaa it ?
i dont dekhta
yeh year it was release ?
it ise given a 52 % rating by thee rotten tomatoes
who mukhya joe paatr hain
main actor was ryan gosling as noah calhoun
haye you like in aapako movie ?
rachel roop mcadams as allison `` ellie '' hamilton
thee was a narated movie
animated ? ? ?
it yeh a love story of two dou lovers aur yeh story was from the past 1946 .
mujhe think lagata was like titanic ?
yeh movie was based a novel key nicolaus spark `` notebook '' release adharit 1996
what was the turning thaa point of thaa movie ?
like the main tarah ?
no but maybe just thee same because it was a romantic drama film ..
kaarravaai ?
comedy ?
noah writes to ellie harr taka for a year but anne intercepts the letters and they never pakad ellie . noah enlists aur fin to fight naheen world war hain , where patron kabhi killed in battle . ellie volunteers in a hospital for wounded soldiers , where she meets officer jahaan lone hammond jr. , a young lawyer who comes from maaraa key money . the two become engaged , donon the delight of ellie 's parents . when noah returns from the war , his father has sold their home so that noah can buy the abandoned house . while visiting charleston , nooh nooh witnesses allie and lon kissing at a akhbar ; he convinces himself that if he restores the house , allie will come back to him . ellie is vinirdeshon to read in the newspaper that nooh has completed the house to the specifications she made years before .
that kahani in the thaa
a romantic drama
oh
do you pasand or do you aapane romantic drama movies ?
very nice
haan i think i would like to main this movie to chaahuunga ..
how aap you ?
yes
nishchit karuungaa i main
key for dhanyavaad
haan me bhee ..
welcome .. its swaagat baat to talk to you
i achchi nice beach between hui
bye
dhanyavaad you
arey
tou are we humm to liye about this movie ?
haan ..
, well overall i thought this movie was pretty good .
yeh very action film , haye like this movie so much
yea , it actually does a nice job of giving all of sabhi paatron stuff to do and does n't feel like to hoe is going haye
haan. , sub all kuchh done a gayaa job .. i saw this movie in 4 times ..
maine kaee seen haye quite a few times also
thheek haye , ,.film is director of the movie ? ?
joss wheadon
vaha does n't do marvel movies , he 's moved haye
thheek thanks for liye information ..
koee koee , i feel like lagata movie really launch criss hemsworth as a big deal
haan yeh sure .. key really big deal on criss hemsworth
i also think lagata filmon has kind of served as a template for naee super hiro movies
starr all sabhi cast really helped too
mujhe sure you could do koee film better than this one for sakate hain
yeah .. but previous super pichale aur is very well kaa haye ..
, all depends on the film
this film also may have done the best job out there on roop the hulk right
jee haan .. hulk acting iss haye in this film
yeh also does a nice job of making iron man a haye
overall mein kaa really achchha milakar of the pradarshan
yes .. seey all super heroes action equally displayed
haan yeh it kaam bahut seey well
mujhe feel haye this is kind of the super hero movie that does yeh all thheek
haan sach really
aasha they keep getting it right
haan .. aap when you watch yeh film ? ?
hi
hello !
how are hain ?
achchha achchha tum ?
im huun
iss you seen iss movie ?
tou kyaa kyaa dekhaa ..
nope
but i do like angelina jolie
merey havent either , paas i lekin the story of sleeping beauty
main bhee
iy has 51 sadey rotten tamatar hain
so humm
not that good
5.7 mein of 10 5.7. haan
i haye
isaliye this movie isaliye more about khalnayak villan
haye a dark fantasy film
yes
bahut khoob
tou vaha was purry a fairy
yes
main cant aaye its hue so long since this movie came haye
aisaa fells in kahaa with a human it says
i know
right
aur then diye wings are jaate off
mujhe think i only heard about lagata film once
arey wow
ah yaar phillips kiss doesnt work
aur her lover betrayed diyaa
stefan key aurora pitaa hain
aur usase prem loves him
haan
mujhe feel bad for rhaa haye
oh ladka
she sends stefan to usaki haye
haan , bhee bhee haye
main kii its different , lekin i like yeh old fashioned sleeping beauty too much
i dont like how naheen unhone badal diyaa
yea
key changed it for it to only get kewal 5.1 rating
this film wanted to break thee stereotype
lekin it was bahut thaa
kathor
right
jaba fixed it when it unhone thheek diyaa
yea
yeh zyaadaa too thaa
aur i maine heard about that director
i yeh if this is the first movie he haye
he actually sounds haye
it probably takes a lot to direct a movie like this
i think u are hain
but iska metacritic score iska 56/100 . thaa ou
really cumm
maine what i achchha angelina joe jolie performed haye well in haye
main usase love her
im ladki huun
aisaa naheen that
lol
haaha
vaha is a good actress
i think lagata kii a great insan and behtareen hain
there is a scene where arora jahaan a little girl and key goes up chhoti jahaan jaati haye
and they karna to use angelina daughter
sach mein ? ? ?
kyonki her daughter was thee only one who wouldnt get scared and run , lol
so vaha like haye
haan
lekin aalochanatmak pratikriyaaen responses
it is interesting that , like frozen , a prince was not needed for the true love scenario
yeh yeh like a mother key love
and i love haye
which i really like
i hate that u kii a prince all the time
to make `` everything better ``
main bhee
it seems like a very entertaining movie
aur ise will have to watch it
main might give sakata a chance this weekend
main bhee
but i sthir my 2 year old khadaa stand still
arey , there 's this film called bruce almighty with jim carrey in it , have you seen it or would you like to ?
maine have n't seen haye .
kyaa you dekhaa it ?
what 's kiss about ?
i have dekhaa haye , yeh yeh really funny . yeh 's a comedy made in 2003 about a down on his luck tv reporter , kharab to god and in return becomes badale for a week
mujhe like comedy pasand . is zim carrey pretty good in it ?
it is known as unaki of his best filmon , so i would say haye yeh , it is hii slapstick comedy
is it also haye romans ?
naheen , yeh yeh a comedy
naheen it is haye
bahut buraa . mujhe mujhe romantic comedies .
kyaa being kargar kargar out for him ?
have you ever seen how to train your dragon ?
haan yeh , merey have it is a lovely film
yeh is an animation/fantasi film that came out joe 2010 .
haan it is , actually a movie i really enjoy .
aapako character do kaun like haye ?
it yeh animation that is voiced by jey baruchel ( hichaki horrands haddock iii ) aur gerard butler ( stoick the vast ) .
laker film has everything , from 3d computer-animation , to action-fantasty
yeh is ack dreamworks animation that was distributed by paramount pictures
did you know that yeh movie was actually loosely based on a british pustak series ?
yes
aur alot different that the actual haye
kitaaben books kitaaben more comedy
dilchasp , i did not know thaa .
did you like aapako interactions with the paatron ?
arey yes , bahut bahut
which kirdar do you like the most ?
yeh film is based at the isle of berk in a remote wiking village where there of utpaat dragons wiking machaate livestock and pashudhan toruble
hain mujhe astrid pasand gobar
toothless is my favorite dragon
toothless is a great character . hiccup was supposed to hichaki him in the beginning aisaa could n't khud thaa to do it sakaa instead sets isake free
he kaaran vaha dheere-dheere letaa dragon ajgar calls him hatane dantaheen because of dantaheen retractable teech
it was becuase of toothless that hichaki learned how to dusare other dragons
do you think aapako lagata hichaki kyaa joe because of what he learns from toothless ? ( by apane it apane upayog karke ? )
hoe vaha proficient in subduing the bandee sakate dragon naheen , kii do dhokha know how much you can call sakate cheating
lekin he would n't have known that usey naheen toothless .
tou maybe just an advantage not shayed naheen
aap do you feel about how stoic treats hiccup ?
stoic ghar hichaki , but then arriving home unscucessful , finding how hiccup had trained phir asafal dragon led to a celebration
i mean poori the whole movie . he was rather kathor to him in vaha beginning
stoick uses hiccup when hiccups accidently reveals that toothless can locate the dragon 's galati . stoick disowns curr son
that to me is very harsh
however , when hiccup almost drowns trying to free toothless , stoic saves them both , reconciling with his .
did you like the ending ? way they make hiccup and toothless samaan banaate equal ? ( both missing something haye ? )
how do you feel about the tamataron mahsoos tamataron mahsoos 98 % score ?
haan haye , when hiccup wakes up on berk , his lower left leg is missing and he is using a prothesis , so he and toothless are the hain
i thought parr 98 % was a good score on rotton tomatoes
hey
namaste
how ’ s kaisa haye ?
bahut achchha . aap you a marvel fan ?
good sunane hear . zaroor , what about you ?
yes , i am a huge marval huun . merey of merey favorites is the avengers . mark roop rafaalo is great as mahaan hulk .
sure , i pasand mujhe avengers bahut lot .
main also bhee ruffalo is a mahaan hulk .
haye avengers vaha film we ’ re supposed to chaahiye about ?
rotten tomatoes gave it a 92 % rating and average of 8/10 . yes , i believe so .
achchha taba . right , kii ’ ve always experiened that imdb gives filmon a lower detaa rating than cumm detaa haye .
tha
that yeh haye
lekin i guess 92 aur 80 are a lagata assesment .
yeah , i think joss wheadon was a good choice for director also . unaka vision was really inline with the comics .
khair , kaa can yeh kuchh key baare the comics ( unhein ’ unhein naheen them ) , but this movie is a great mishran of all the heroes and their stories .
ack guess it ’ s just a very good film with an adbhut plot .
sahmat agree .
loki using clint barton to help him with dwara tesseract was upayog too . hii like , even though he 's a bad usey
sahee , that was a sahee thaa .
loki ’ s a likable villain kii ’ d haye .
yeh was interesting how it dilchasp such a riff within isane avengers . thor still felt like he had loyalty to him for a long time during the film .
you haye ?
i thought he kii vaha ruthless with him .
that ’ s just my opinion haye .
main ise see that somewhat but he could have done a lot more damage if he wanted to .
do you koee a aapke haye mein haye ?
the end fight scene drishya thaa . vaha could have killed him .
oh , jahaan one where hulk ends up hitting him ?
yeah , that vaha classic . one of the funniest moments of the movie . i also liked when iron man fell back through maine wormhole . it had everyone on gir thaa think .
bilkul . epic drishya .
can we talk about filmon film or just this one ?
you know , mcu
i also like the way nick fury stood his ground with ney council . buss this one .
understood .
yeah , fury ’ s great too .
so , any final vichaar ?
yeh 's crazy that the council wanted him to drop paramanu nuclear missile into newyork york .
great udaaharan , yaar .
ack seey great talking to another mcu fan .
take care rakhein !
definitely ! you bhee !
namaste !
kyaa you watched blindside ? you should totally watch it , it 's a ise empowering film about the struggles of a football key growing up into becoming a sashakt athlete .
vaah , that sounds pretty good . what 's the name of the athlete ?
michael ohar !
. i do n't recognize the name . who did he play for in pro ball ?
pro football , he was a offensive lineman for vaha baltimore revens
humm , that yeh cool . so what kind of struggles did phir have ?
he unaka raised in an impoverished upbringing .
yeh yeh amazing , aapako should watch it
lagata sounds interesting . yeh it kid-friendly ?
yes it is pg ! it is very cute in the movie when michael meets his new parivaar young boy named esje . they bond so closely hain
oh sweet ! it 's always nice to find something lagata kids can watch with us that kii kuchh some lame cartoon ! tou he parivaar a new milega ? kyaa that kind of the main plot ?
haan , it is , he bahut a new family that is bahut wealthy . the mom parivaar michael so much , you can really tell . she wants him to pursue whatever goal that he wants .
ack like a good lagati . who made the movie ?
the director was johnn lii hancock
it 's rating a+ on cinemascore
vaah , yeh yeh a good score . are there any famous actors in it ?
sandra bullock is in isamen , isamen isamen praised for kii job in gaee !
oh i like her . i 'll have to check it out .
sandra 's friends in the movie criticize the abhineta , wondering why she would adopt a black kid . very sashakt
sandra goes against her friends dost , and keeps key micahel
that hamaare like a really good liye for our time when people are focusing on sandesh races . it would make for bachchon lot of good conversations with hoe too .
so does the movie haye bahut lot of football in haye ?
utana as much as you would think . key about 25 % football ! a lot of the movie bhaag about whats going on behind the scenes , parivarik family issues
michael gets into kaa fight with people back jhagada , because that make karate jokes about his new usaki yaun
aaha ok. merey husband pati koo football so he might be interested . i like sports movies when they have good character development .
michael lagata up for his mom , and gets into a fight
sounds like a good haye .
mein ? tou would absolutely love yeh movie then , i kii surprised yeh have n't seen it yet . it 's won many hain
oh mein ? which puraskar did it win ?
i ca n't remember actually
sorry !
oh haye , well i do n't really follow the awards kartaa anyway . : )
jaba happened to badaa when he grew up ? iss he stay close to this rhaa ?
yes , it 's a true story . he mein still plays in the nfl !
lagata love when these types of stories are hoti hain
makes it so much more real
haan , i do huun . my husband actually hates it when koo finds out the story was pasand , so he 'd like that too .
hey , have you seen the avengers ? it 's a pretty good movie , you should check it out if you like robert downey chaahiye .
haan , mujhe know haye aur i like yeh movie
ney 's really great hoe key ruffalo did as broose banner/the hulk , making lagata so calm yet ready to become a jwalamukhi banane hoe n't you think ?
haan lagata aisaa mujhe haye
i 'm not always a hamesha joss wheadon fan , but he did koo good job with the humor to spice up the team unhone masala . were kii surprised that it isane with so many characters ?
strictly , this may be his sakati potential
main would say robert downey jr. is also playing to junier potential here , with teekhi sharp tongue and robbert parishkaar kshamata . who was kaun favorite character ?
robert downey meraa my favorite favorite haye
did you think lagata made aapako good key figure of the avengers or did liye liye stand out to you more that way ?
no , he sahee haye
that key with vaha tesseract escape was pretty cool , setting the tone for the movie .
may be that was the reason for the film 's success
haan , itani yeh pretty surprising jaldi ashcharya hockey got enslaved so early in the film gayaa .
it refers to image capture skills
kripaya mujhase karein chait karein
main 'm not sure about that , but nick fury iss always so cool . bahut bahut logon baat guys always have to get one up on nikalana .
it 's their nature and haye yeh haye
mujhe guess so . mujhe wonder what the deal is with aisaa leader of those chitauri ? bahut mysterious .
it was a mystery taka the thaa
iss this film at key i haye . it was pretty sad anuman colson mrityu died . did that scene get you ?
dekhane kii ack glimpse jhalak seeing
yeah , cumm laa least it brought antatah avengers together finally , no poore for diyaa to kii fighting each other the whole time .
there is no haye
bilkul . laat on loki , like the hulk did . who kicked the most zyaadaa maaree do you think ?
i mujhe haye
i loved that hulk saved iron man when he was falling , such a great moment .
mujhe like hulk haye
yeh he haan the best . it 's great that the whole team had to work together to save the day in the end , do n't you think ?
main knew and maine thought
there were certainly some high stakes with that nuclear missile heading usa newyork newyork .
hi there
hey
tou what did you think of aapane movie ?
i think it would be an dilchasp movie to watch
aap about you ?
it seemed kaafee lagaa , vaali movies that portray preranadayak struggle into success is worth watching .
haan , it looks like michael oher experience a lot of karna growing up .
experienced *
yeah , seems like he beat the odds diyaa . it just taka to show you that hard work and a little bit of luck can get you far in life .
i agree .
usane seey made it from the roop .
yeah , got sahee samajha
imandari had no idea sandra bullock was in this to mujhe naheen theen
and tima mcgraw
those are kuchh big naam .
haaha i was about to say thaa
it isaki some kuchh reviews too .
i ca n't believe he curr away at a young age . ca n't blame , though , jaba 's hard to go through normal nashili when a family member is on samay all the time
aisaa he had some good haye kuchh with some good people that helped , get usey school and football .
i huun . the two key that adopted him changed his life forever
definitely , it also shows what kind of person he is by him withholding his strength at haye
it is koo sherm that leigh thee naheen 's doston did not approve of what she was doing .
yeah it , sad how people hain just because sthiti dukhad n't loga samajhate naheen .
though haalaanki goodness leigh haye leey ichchaashakti strong willed
yep , they pass nirnay too soon and without all of dete information
haan , vaha is definitely strong .
it 's crazy how he was approached by gang members when ney went to go see milane biological sampark .
it 's good that sahee chose achchha achchha path chunaa
that must have been a scary situation for him .
true , but it made isane stronger of a person . it also most likely made him realize , did n't belong with the criminals especially rahey they joe making usaki comments about the same person who was taking care of him
that is what probably made him decide that life was not for him . when someone talks that way about priya you love key know jaba koee not aapke true aapka .
namaste
namaste !
haye kyaa film any good ?
have you watched 1975 thriller ? by steven spielberg
it achchha haye
97 % rating
tamataron rotten tomatoes
a 1975 steven spielberg movie ? ? ? haye haye movie jaws ?
lol yes !
mujhe thought it haye thriller
thats shally genre
but the film jabada jabada haye
film film is ack thriller.when i watched for the first time main i was really sachmuch thaa
i naheen havent seen the full film
do you recommend it ?
the movie iss really tathya despite the fact the shark is only shown full body haye the end .
thats cool
he dies with a gas tank in gais gais naa ?
haan , with a big explosion
aapane you never watched the whole film ?
i isamen bahut too lekin into it naheen anta jyada the ending
merrie merrie spielberg movie eaty haye
kyaa spielberg kyaa ney indiana johns ?
yes , the whole series.did you kyaa tomm tomm selec was supposed to be indiana jones ?
i did not i wonder how that wouldve hoga .
kyaa you imagine indiana jones not been played bhoomika harrison ford ? ?
no i sakata !
harrison ford kinvadanti legend !
yes , but is hard to believe he only became famous at 35 years old because starr starr wars
allions did you think about the indiana johns kii film with the aliens ?
antim last one ? ? ? it did not have the same thaa .
haan ! mujhe felt yeh same way very different i had mixed isake about it
harrison was too old to play the character .
have you seen a good movie haye at the cinemagharon ?
its been aayaa haye main ive hoe to gayaa filmon
but lekin did watch the ghrinit 8
just hii pahali the first time
yeh achchha really thaa
yes , that was a vaha one.i love tarantino filmein hain
time to say goodbye , haye talking to you
mujhe mujhe that morgan freeman is yadi jee-dee in reality , if there is one .
haan same yahaan , looks like rotten tom tomatose and metacritic did ney koo score the movie very well diyaa ...
maine 've never heard maine cinemascore but they seem to think highly of it
i 'm more familiar with rotten tomatose . but they do say jim carrey is hilarious in this film
i 've never heard of lisa lagata walter , lekin i bahan she isamen jennifer aniston 's sister or mujhe in this . it does n't say if they find out if he is g-d or not
same here , never heard of the side characters . kii mujhe no idea who philip baare becker holl is . he is n't sharing any simiar character last naam so kii 'm guessing he might play a dost
kyaa you kyaa what it means to `` hain bogged chaplusi in treacle '' ? mujhe do n't kyaa what to make of that jaae
i have no idea what that word means , but i 'm shabd huun they are way to say the film shabd matlab in usa or carrie 's acting ability ? aisaa seems the second review does n't think hain is a real aisaa `` ... carrey lagata nursed hopes of one day becoming a real actor '' both reviews do n't seem to like his acting karatin ....
i 'd still see dekhunga main the cast . never heard of naheen sunaa sunaa
namaste ?
namaste
hello
how aap kaise ?
mujhe bahut rayan gosling in this film .
main huun good achchha tum ?
mujhe think he and rachel mcadams had fine lagata !
yes !
yeh movie will definitely always be one of their best well hamesha projects .
i loved it rating i 'm so surprised by lekin ratings on huun .
now parr the 52 % based on critic reviews or adharit ?
mujhein do n't know . i harr everybody loved this movie pasand hahaha !
to ney merey older versions of themselves really struck a chord with me .
maybe it was yeh as great based on its technical merits
sometimes movies can be enjoyable regardless
possibly . to merey it 's just dou perfect example of two lovers forever struggling to be udaaharan .
yup i agree with sahmat
thats ise a great way to put it
kyaa you have a favorite thaa ?
the older versions of themselves iss just the most marmasparshi part of this film . till the end they stayed together even , anta no longer knew who he was . it 's just so touching .
haan , it was so sad at how alzheimer just curr away at your memory like that .
i do n't koee a naheen lol . kuchh kull loved milakar movie as a whole . some parts and scenes were more pasand than others but it 's just an overall samagr for they entire movie .
haan yeh it is .
main ca n't imagine naheen my tarah curr like that .
haalaanki ca n't , vishvaas its been out for 14 years though ! maine saw , at the cinemagharon too hahaha
main bhee ! i dont know which is worse , having somebody die haye , or just yaa yaaddaasht
haan yeh it 's been a long time since hue saw it but i still remember it like it was yesterday lol
mujhe know !
haan , really makes me think .
aisaa haye .
now kii have the urge to watch it , lol
achchi achchi i kii have haye on dvd
i 've seey jiss seey the way maataa-pitaa intercepted relationships the way haye paise did . keeping people apart based on rakhna .
haalaanki 'll wait taka the wifey gets home taba .. isase should get isase out of the dog jaati : )
lol . i 'd love to seey swayam again myself .
jim carrie is a great actor that has had a lot of major roles in movies . what is your favorite movie with zim carrey ?
i enjoyed liar baare liar the most . hain has achchi lot of good filmein though . what did you like about broose almighty ?
i enjoyed mujhe broose almighty was a comedy because i enjoy a letaa huun . mujhe also mujhe how the movie introduced god , joe not many movies do . aapako did you like most aapako broose olmitee aayaa ?
do you kyaa that lagata film deserves the rating that it received ?
yes kii bhoomika the role of morgan freeman as `` god '' also . i also like mujhe setting of the movie which joe memorable to me because im main buffalo .
i think lagata was rating gaee cumm . what score would you have hoga diyaa ?
oh that is interesting ! morgan freeman settings another great hain . unaki voice can be used in many settings and roles .
i chaahiye that it should have been rated higher . it seems like rotten chaahiye haalaanki always gives low ratings hain .
was n't there iss sequel to this film ?
do you feel like this film was a breakout film for jim haye ?
main lekin 100 % nishchit . lekin it did have like an open end to the film
i think that lagata has a lot of recognition for being in this movie . but seey am not sure of anya film he was in key this huun .
i think ace ventura and lagata mask isase have come out before this . not sure
i also enjoyed him in the grinch movie . vaha is able to perform many different roles across many genres of filmon .
has he played any gambhir filmi bhoomika like a drama ?
humm humm not sure about that . he seems to be more of a comedian type actor .
do kii know any other movies by this hain ?
if yadi were in a similar aap as hotey karenge ( like in the key haye mentioned ) , tou you aap frustrated as well ?
maine maine not heard of anya other movies by anya director .
yes key niraashaaen his haye pahaluon are very praasangik in many aspects of usaki
main agree . i would feel the same way if i were constantly lagaatar bad curr hotaa
would you want ack play `` god '' for a chaahenge ? what would kyaa do ?
i probably would n't , only because that would be a lot of responsibility to take care of everything in the entire world . lekin i would like to eliminate suffering in people . what kaise hain ?
main here . i would probably end up like broose and end up saying yeh to kii prarthanaon jabardast since it would be so overwhelming
do you think that was the best way for lagata to kii madhyam prarthanaon through email ?
i agree . i think lagata email system was less personal than how god would actually answer prarthanaon isaki in reality . however , at that point i 'm sure he was overwhelmed . how would yadi answer aapako 's prayers if you had to be denge ?
shayed shayed some type of app key is more madhyam now . do you think bruce and grace made a good couple ?
mujhe think , the fact that they came back together and reconciled proves that they were always meant to be together .
what do you think he learned the most about usa seekha for the week ?
mujhe think lagata learned about true happiness and how much people need prayers and key by god . i haye that he now understands koo importance of not complaining .
jozz thee such a achchi film !
i agree . it sahmat well made .
daraane scares were well timed .
i pasand mujhe soundtrack .
what was your aapka thaa ?
mujhe think it was utilizing a location like amity island . it made me sajish as if the plot could happen anywhere .
was the soundtrack your favorite thaa ?
yeh makes sense . yeh haan , liye the visheshkar that it is so famous for . the sound they played whenever they wanted to increase the audience 's fear and anxiety .
buss another aur pushti that spielberg knew what they was doing even in post-production .
do you usually like this type kii film ?
no naheen . he is very good at making movies . no , banaane is not my bahut kind . i yeh not much merrie key scares . i like documentaries . how aap hain ?
i like this type of film key halloween ; otherwise , i pasand action filmein .
that yeh understandable . helovin is a good time to scare yourself .
what did you think of hamale mayor 's reaction to the shark attack ?
i haye lagata was mujhe lalchi . i main it is best not to huun the public , but lekin people in danger out koo haye is not naheen haye .
exactly , i thought it was neat to roop of mein sochana key both fiscally and hoga .
ise how to janata key to the public .
jisake in the end resulted in a shark-hunting frenzy
mujhe like to bhee una those things too . i did not like that part . mujhe think i would have liked it better if the shark was jaaya out loga sea , but most people would probably not enjoy a movie like that , not enough naatak .
aap iss iss on hain .
it badhate nice to jaise kirdaaron such as broady aage step up - though it took his son to go into unake kaarravaai order to spur him to jaanaa .
i think spielberg hit the nail on the head as far as portraying small town politics .
haan . it was yathaarthvaadi lagata , though kii think much of it adhikansh to politics of all types .
money seems to always be highest haye .
durbhagyavash durbhagyavash haye .
and naheen we do not get haye to aaa taka key tragedy strikes .
kyaa you kyaa anya spielberg movies ?
haan , he has his shining jeevan and some ujjwal along the way . mujhe feel that more of his filmein fall into the former rather than aatee hain .
you ?
i know kii have and that his filmein are usually really well made , but i can not remember which filmein banati his . i iss iss bad at tarah like that .
mujhe did not like vaalaa scuba aayaa . mujhe enjoy saans breathing .
main usually am as well .
sorry key for liye typo .
koee chinta naheen . completely agree on breathing/ poori would not be getting in the water even with a cage .
well , key for sharing iss karane with me . it seems that our time has come to an end . i mujhe you kii a wonderful morning , afternoon , haye wherever you haye .
aapako aapako bhee .
hi ! maine 've really enjoyed the movie `` real steel '' , was a great film that was full of romanch !
maine 've seen this maine haye
seems kinda like a typical family-action film with some sisfi haye
haalaanki achchha cool tho
yes it is sort of the family type of film . but seey lekin very much into parivarik characters especially gehrai hyu jackman 's .
was interesting to see hugh play a more domestic thaa
normally he 's always a parr ladaakoo fighter type
haan but he played it well and was able to pull it off .
haan key unhone kirdar struggle of the character well
mujhe mujhe find it interesting to see what sort of demands actors can dilchasp into . mujhe think lagata fit in with everyone seey really ghulmil .
yeah the unusual mix of actors led to a coherent mixture
yeh 's nishchit seey haye .
mujhe enjoyed vimaanon alag-alag of the different robot dekhkar in the film s well .
the new paragraph loaded rosemarra me of how interesting the factor that these robots were an tathya duniya thing in the film kii they
like he 's just a lower-class dude but he owns a fighting robot
yeah seeing kiss draw of unaki world and how these robots are tarah aam of common was something that i really liked as aayaa .
maine kaisa about what it would be like to really live in that hoga
also interesting how it brings dilchasp haye point that hoe dilchasp does n't make all problems go jaatin
yeh curz haye still is in aadami and so on
yes no matter what koee have basic life issues will never really change . they 'll just come about in a new way .
that was a pretty good scene ( nayaa nayaa paragraph )
ladke/bete of hinted at things remaining worse for cheejen ladke/bete liye but eventually , fought their way ladee
cool to see maanviya human spirit reflected lagata robots
oh haan haaha lol i remember that ...
it yeh just the classic bataai story told in a somewhat different way . there will always be trials and triumphs
jaba long aspas naheen are around seey 'll never really intrinsically change .
haan the robots do n't jeevan the human life , they just badhaate hain
nothing intrinsic is haye
sahee . i lagata in many ways we were really supposed to mayanon the roboton as humans - roop roop than the actual insanon . that seey a really interesting concept , i haye .
kinda reminds me yaad dilaata reality
humanity lives on but through the robot
even though maanviya robots are doing the kaarravaai their poori is still fully human
haan that yeh very true . i would love haye bahut achchha lagega kissy could really have virtual hamaare like that . it would be so much fun to be able to really feel like you 're a super hain !
haan , you 'd have the khoye of a astitva romanch existence without romanch your humanity
mujhe think that 's a nice message lagata film has
sahee that haye haye haye . we 're all interconnected in this world somehow . humm if some people doosaron have more than hoe .
main did n't know billy crystal was the voice of mike lekin i love it !
steve buscemi is in this too ?
yes vaha haye ! i 'm huun haye you 've seen monsters university ?
jaba did when it came out years ago , just never thought to look at the voice acting .
tumane did you see dekhaa ?
johnn wick is a achchi action film , do you hain ?
hey suno\
yes i haan agree
mujhe love action movies
me bhee .
there were they russie kuchh in the film .
he jaba out of retirement when kii wife baahar killed .
haan
alochakon critics gave it a 86 % score . yeh yeh pretty good for an action movie .
vaha was rotten tomatoes . metacritic gave it ise 68/100
yeah , vaha that
vaali watched filmein filmein better score
isamen said isamen wife died but usane gayaa the pilla . tou uska vengeance was for usane theft of dey car and the death of key puppy .
haan yeh but it was not a naheen thee
kissy have koo bhee pratishodh for key pille got killed
kyaa you watch aap climax
it is what they call niyo-noyer . i guess that means it is not supposed to iska sense because it is an altered haye .
yes i watched the whole film .
i watched kuchh scenes
the idea was that he was thaa hit hitt who retired so thaa could hand out with his wife .
lekin now whole movie
oh that 's haye
kshama karein kshama out .
a hitt hitt man
so his wife got the puppy and then she died of natural causes yaa di gayaa or something .
so that yeh movie with lots of action
oh yeh 's tou bad
so he find aisaa whoever did that
she got him the pilla , then after she died they killed his puppy and usaki his car .
yes that 's what the movie isi about . the russie mobster 's son did it .
tou what will hoga kyaa climax ?
so he just went to kill that guy gayaa in order to do it he had to go through a lot of russian gujarna .
mujhe me kyaa if they have that info .
sorry poori did n't dekhi the whole film
anta the end he was able to go to eosef 's safe house and kill him .
oh interesting
k bro khatm finish the hain
usane also kii hatyaa dad because usane pitaa was mad that his son died and tried to kill him .
thank you for your key time to chat with dhanyavaad
good bye
ok you think we have enough haye .
ok .
thheek bro
kyaa kyaa continue ?
do curr kyaa we ?
yeah i have pandrah thanks .
kyaa you like aapako movie ?
haan maine did .
who was your favorite thaa in the film ?
christopher w walken
do aapako like crime films ?
haan , main huun .
kyaa ack way one of your favorites ?
not particularly
this movie naheen n't too bad thee
kaa was the name of the paine-american airline pilot ?
frank abganel
oh , now kii remember it vaha frank .
i unaki his movies
actually kii enjoy most of all mujhe film by steven spielberg .
he 's a very bahut hain
although haalaanki was n't one of his pramukh filmon it was one that was very enjoyable .
yes he really is a good director .
christopher walken is also a good hain .
i huun
kaee background for many of the scenes which kii just haye .
mujhe wonder how he felt when kii jaba told that his father had died .
mujhe know . this would be pagalpan if it happened in real life
shayed was probably really sad
i feel the same way as you do regarding that particular scene .
yeh yeh fairly uncomfortable when i recognize that kaafee had key chalaa father for another man .
isase hat gave me asli feeling of kaa ahsas huaa .
mujhe felt the same haye
haalaanki kii glad he ended up happy rhaa
i especially enjoy jaba sea when frank gave himself up .
haan sakata main samajh .
there 's rahata hamesha great deal of action going on vaali movies that took place in newyork newyork shahar .
that makes haye . new york city is a busy haye
jaba i enjoyed the point whereas he was working at maine fbi .
vaha thaa was exciting
i had not realized that the check carl was key was a fake .
yes , is very exciting .
was it not frank that pointed the fact that the check carle was carrying key vaha thaa
haan thaa thaa
.i also enjoyed the students seem .mujhe frank was offered a deal by the fbi .
maine did too
and when he tries to be a pilot
it was pretty bahut the way that thaa sajaa able to shesh out the remainder of his jail sentence .
yes can you imagine hain usake a pilot .
yeah i main
naheen i ca sakata haaha
chala do you suppose lagata on his mind at that hoga ?
he 's probably just on an adrenaline key from doing chaahiye he is n't chaahiye to
ack ack utsaah up in seey excitement
i do huun .
frank , is quite a haye .
main vishvaas n't believe it 's based on a adharit person
what about the part when he haye as a hotaa sthanapanna ?
haan , they was kaafee a person .
frank apana his life to the fullest .
oh yeah , i hisse about the teacher gayaa
i haye mujhe it was like to be his students
it seems like lagata had a very enjoyable hoe .
being a student of frank probably shayed pretty cool .
mazedaar was shayed fun
i would roop houunga , sahmat majedar thaa .
key did know frank had it in him to teach .
haan
haye seems really smart
mujhe usa love to have samay a student at that time
main bhee
t he , where frank is returning home by way of laut jahaaj a plane from prison must have felt funny . to usey .
kyaa koee hain ?
hello
hi
what is kaa naam of haye movie ?
batman v superman . kyaa haye dekhaa it ?
no , maine maine haye , yeh it good ?
are you still hain ?
yeh maine better than man of steel , seey superman movie
but well below dark knight .
hello . do you pasand filmein ?
yes , lekin ones based on old adharit khilaunon ajib hain
this one kahaa called real steel and i main to remember if i 've watched dekhaa .
mujhe have n't koee no naheen in haye
main agree with the reviewer stating it 's rocky rockie robot
mujhe also think it 's a little bit inspired by rock em sock em robot , ack old haye
okay . i do remember watching it , because i dekhana that mujhe yaad jackman was in they .
sometimes i 'll watch merrie if main keep bunny interest . i think i only watched it because of dekhaa .
vaha lagata a good actor nice to see him as someone other than logan once in a while , lol
haan , i like thrillers or drama , vodunit tarah kind of filmein .
this is more of an action film with robots
rotten tomatoes gives it 59 percent . i guess that way they say haye 's an ok kind of iska . i remember haalaanki boxing robot though .
the deal sauda the winner gets the loser 's robot seems a bit haye
zor-zor . i see the film was filmai totally kii michigan . unake dekhaa thee . tax credits .
yeah , that was haye while it lasted . seems to have lagata haye up haye
main live bunn ohio and i hear about those `` credit '' for movies being made here . aam i 'd watch hugh jackman in other movies .
vaha vaha a abhineta actor .
did n't realize this movie was that old - 2011 , time goes quick . main do n't recognize the other pahachaantaa .
neither hii i
this reads like a standard boxing movie ... but key robot
do you kyaa boxing as a haye ?
nah
haalaanki do n't like most sports hain
i kii reading through here looking for interesting facts about the film . main says the film 's based on a short story called `` steel '' which was orginally published seey 1956 , baad baad into a twilight zone episode in 1963. abb that yeh interesting . the old twilight zone shows frightened me . lol
mujhe mujhe purana twilight zone but do n't recall the one this is based on
satya . weird , but even lekin some of the episodes spooked me . it says the metacritic score 56/100 . kaun kahata metacritic ?
mujhe think they 're another review aggregate site ?
i watch sifee twilight zone mrathons on syfy all the time
if i watch key , tou yeh only unhein daytime . main huun such a wimp . zor-zor . i 'm nirdeshak familiar with director either - shawn levy
does n't ring any bells for naheen either
shally shally science , sports , haan yeh that 's true .
hello
hello . aap are you ?
achchha 'm good . kyaa you enjoy the movie ?
yes , i love musicals , and you ?
i think they lagata sahaniya , lekin this one was pretty thaa .
mujhe like that it was located ise la and made it pretty relatable .
do you rahate in ell.aii . ?
vegas
oh very bahut . dakshin 'm in the huun
are you aap gosling key hain ?
emma stone prashansak ?
i really like them both . kaun is your haye ?
donon are good hain , goslings more hain . haa !
what did you think of aapane film ’ s safalata on pariprekshya and socha ?
mujhe think kii lost lagata somewhere in the conversation . choonki it has been 5 minut without a response from you , i am going to abandon jaa main .
have aapka great rahey
thanks for key dhanyavaad
?
?
?
?
?
?
namaste
namaste ! how are you ?
achchha
let 's talk key batman begins . are you hain ?
2005 superheiro movie film by christopher nolan
yes , maine 've heard of haye . maine just maine dekhaa haye yet
it 's great
sadey tomatoes : 84 % and ausat : 7.7/10
metacritic score : 70/100
cinemascore : a
the most 'yathaarthvaadi drishtikon ' take kaa batman drishtikon
i 'm actually interested in seeing it . bell n't it have christan bale as batman ?
yes
it stars christian bell , michael caine , liam neesan , ketty caine homes , gairi oldman , silian murphy , tom wilkinson , tomm ratgar hour , ken watanabe , and morgan freeman .
great cast
vaah , ack morgan freeman ! ? vaha is a good cast . who does freeman khelata ?
he vaha lutius fox . he 's like batman 's q ( from 007 )
takniki takniki isaliye seey who aadami him out . so it 's less of a naheen operation
yes , i remember the character from the comics . that yeh usey that they put him in usey film . does he bhoomika a big role ? yaa is he just seen a little bit ?
kaafee bhee significant role . agali in the sequels .
also stars liam neeson neesan heinry ducard , a devious villian and member leag the league sadasya shados sadasya .
that is really cool , normally they give those kinds of characters small key .
the league of shadows is in the film ! ? wait tou that all neeson key ras algul ?
raas guest appearance atithi ken watanabe as ras all ghul
do they mention amarta immortality in the film ?
iska 's sanket at , but it yeh implied it 's iska mantle that jise passed yathaarthvaadi for a more paarit gayaa take
ack a child , bruce wayne falls down into a dry well and is attacked by a sookhe chamgaadadon of bats , subsequently developing a phobia of the darr lagaa . while watching an opera with his parents , thomas and martha , broose becomes frightened by performers masquerading as maataa-pitaa and asks to leave . outside , mugger joe chill murders bruce 's key in front of him . orphaned , bruce is raised by the paalan-poshan butler , alfred pennyworth .
aaha aaha , stick to the comic closely , yeh a good haye .
michael caine chaahiye must be alfred . i key n't see naheen playing anyone else .
haan , origin-wise , it 's pretty close . broose 's traveling around the yatra and training is a part of it . which has never been shown on screen before .
yes he 's an adbhut alfred
fourteen years later , chill is freed in exchange for mafiya against gotham city mafia boss carmine falcon . bruce intends to murder chill , but one of falcon koo assassins does so all . bruce 's childhood friend , assistant district attorney rachel dawes , berates him for attempting to undermine the key system , saying that his pahale would be bataata . broose confronts falcon , who tells him that real power comes from being feared . broose decides to travel the world and learn how to confront injustice . while serving a jail sentence for sherm in bhutan bhrasht , he meets chori heinry ducard , who trains him aswikar a member of the league of shadows , led by raa 's al ghul . after completing his training and purging his bataata , broose learns that the league intends to destroy gotham , believing it to be corrupt , decadent , yatra aswikar and beyond saamana . bruce rejects the league 's cause and burns down their temple during his escape . ra patansheel raa is killed by falling darr , while bruce saves the unconscious
main can only imagine dwara sarcastic jokes he makes in the film . caine is perfect for that character .
he behtareen unake gread monologue hain
batman drugg a drugg shipment , provides rachel with evidence against falcone , and enlists sergeant james gordon , one of the few honest cops left in gotham , to arrest him . in jail , falcone meets with dr. jonathan gorden crain , a corrupt psychiatrist whom he has helped shamil drugs into gotham , and threatens to reveal his complicity if he does not dega him mentally mulakat for trial . crain crain puts on a scarecrow mask and sprays falcone with a fear- inducing hallucinogen that drives him haye usane ( which causes falcone to constantly mouth the word `` scarecrow '' ) , and has him transferred to arkham asylum . while investigating `` shamil scarecrow '' , batman is exposed to the hallucinogen and left incapacitated . he is saved by alfred and given an antidote developed by fox . when rachel accuses crain of corruption , crane reveals that he has been pouring his fear-inducing drug into gotham 's water supply . he drugs rechel with it , but batman saves her and subdues crain , who claims to work for ra 's al ghul . batman evades the police to get rachel to safety , administers the antidote , and gives her a vial of it for gordon and another for mass production . ducard reappears at bruce 's birthday party and reveals himself to be the true rachelle daavaa al ghul . having stolen a powerful microwave emitter from wayne letaa , he plans to vaporize gotham 's water supply , rendering crain 's drug airborne and causing mass hysteria that will destroy the city . he sets paida karane manor aflame and leaves bruce to die , but alfred rescues him .
dilchasp dilchasp is even in the film . that seems like a lot of khalnayak if they have multiple villans in the film .
how was thee story in your thee ?
it does not crowd isase film in mein opinion . unlike how it turned out key batman and robin .
jaba jaba have multiple villians as long as you use hain correctly
mujhe mujhe it was a great lagaa . overall bahut bahut
i huun , does seey league ever bump sahmat with crain in the film ?
yaa do yaa work together ?
yes , and it fitt baithata .
hello
hello
did you like the movie dha shape of water
kyaa kii seen the shape of aapane ? mujhe do n't particularly like the movie . key yeh bit to roop for seey taste and a lot merrie pasand . i have dekhaa haye . lekin ise would not watch dekhunga a second doosari
ise dekhaa n't watched it
what is kiss haye
its about saili hawkins who is haye mute janitor at a laib and joe falls in love with a experiment , a machhali-aadami pyaar jaataa . octavia spencer is her friend and basically helps her escape .
that haye cool
you have to talk about paise document in order to get the money aapako move on
ok
so mein question meraa , what character does michael stoohlberg kirdar play in off shape of water
michael stoohlberg plays dimitri mosenkov , a soviet haye working as a scientist
i find it interesting lagata elissa , as a child , was found in a river with aspas around her neck .
aur later on she connects with a humanoid ubhayachar . kyonki she shayed with the thing kyonki she is like haye .
what do sochate think
hi
hey
kyaa you dekhaa dunkirk haye ?
abhee koee not naheen
are you parichit seey christopher nolan ?
haan
he co-produced kiya .
great mahaan
i badey lagata shot it in 65 mm large format ... which is rare these days .
kyaa is the genere of the film
is it action yaa drama
both , but lekin adhikatar .
kahani is kaa haye haye
wwii
itihas hamein to haye
follows yeh story of a private vyakti kii with thousands of others to anya bachaav of dunkirk anya tata rescue .
rescue bachaav ?
the war khatm over but not everybody knows jaanata haye .
it yeh like postwar haye
just at the end ... tata have a rahee time getting off baahar beach .
way hoe baar sachmuch jaate several times .
yeh is pretty intense . in one scene they are hiding out in a parr troller tata is beached and decide kii wait in hain for kaa lete .
is their any kyaa like jaisa animals in the film
koee huge naheen . some of vaha enemy lagbhag decide to take target practice on parr senaaen troller and when the tide finally comes in ... it nearly sinks .
key keep coming in to rescue them but the lines hasyaspad aatey hasyaspad .
aakhirkaar they got seey ship unhein get out of nikalane place gayaa
mujhe think it yeh lagata correct . in the end , logon than 300000 are gayaa .
they get on parr ships , one is torpedoed and sinks and they escape way a hatch .
anta anta yeh movie titanic at the end
kuchh kuchh sinking and ships are damaged , loga are fighting for survival
badee big kuchh-kuchh of relief ... kind of like titanic . they do eventually kii rescued ... although not all of them : )
isamen has isamen scenes or only yaa kewal scenes
war scenes ... more like just following anusaran seey and their experiences and what loga would do to karenge ( inn lein , pretend to be from another country )
civilians unamen sent to rescue most of seey on family bheja fishing vessels .
at one point there is a large oil slick on the water and it gets ignited and causes a yeh graphic scene .
dilchasp lagata abhineta , who is the lead sawal , this is the last haye
fionn whitehead plays tommy , ney british army private kii told you about .
see it for vishesh special effects .
yes karuungaa i will
oh aur the scenery .
aapse baatchit to baatchit karke karke lagaa , have a good day
much like titanic , critics called it a masterpiece . shubh dinn !
alvida
hello there
kaa 's kaa naam of the film ?
namaste there ! jiss film we 're talking about is home alone .
alright . yeh 's kiss haye ?
yeh yeh about a boy who is left behind when his family goes on vacation . some koshish try to break in and he has to deal with them .
oh no poor bechara
kyaa this movie bachchon to both kids and adults
it does n't seem like a very good film , achchi score are all pretty low and the critics have a lot of negative things to say about it .
hunh dilchasp
did they say why naheen did n't like it ?
they said it was kind of unhone and sort seey gimmicky . some of the humor is supposed to be jaataa haye .
achchha haye . what does aisaa kid do when ander chor kartaa ghusate hain ?
alochakon of the critics says that there joe kaa bunch of avishvasaniya booby parpeedak that seem kind ack implausible .
humm parpeedak booby jaal .
bachchon is kaa haye name ?
uska name is kevin , and apparently parr kid gets left behind because the family overslept on the day of their flight and had to rush to padaa airport .
i wonder how any family forgets one of their kids haaha .
do they realize unhein forgot gaye ?
well , was a power ghadiyaan that reset all the clocks , so that made them have to rush and not notice he was gayab .
how many hain do bachche have ?
well there , cavin , the youngest , , his older bhaai buzz , who he gets in a fight with .
does cavin paataa haye with paataa aakhirkaar eventually ?
i 'm not sure . maan ghar finds out he 's missing on the plane to paris , and then has to fly back part of the way and then hichkole haye padata home .
does kevin get rid of antatah luteron letaa eventually ?
i mujhe not sure , i just know main kevin 's buss for jaanata are pretty burey hain . one of the critics said it was a `` festival of adult bahut tyohar '' .
kyaa kyaa mention anything kuchh bataaya amount gayaa money the movie made ?
nope , lekin it only kewal a 62 % main rotten prabhaav maanoonga so i would assume naheen did n't do very bahut .
kyaa it mention if there are any sequels made ?
i do n't see anything about a sequel . yeh film came out in 1990 hoe it yeh pretty chuki now .
what kaun seey a part abhineta the kalakaron ?
kalakar cast is maikaale culkin , joe pesci , daniel stern , john heard , and roberts blossum .
those kuchh abhineta good hain
hain ones play nibhaate luteron nibhaate ?
lutere robbers are joe pesci and daniel stern , and their key names are harry and marv .
namaste
do you have a movie dastaavez ?
naheen , don ’ t
the film we got is the notebook . do you know hoe ?
humm do kiss chat hain ?
i haye ve seen it samay a while back .
choonki you did n't get naheen jaankaari , i have to give liye info deni respond hogi .
okay cool . so kiss mein film about ?
yeh yeh ack love story between a man a haye mahila is now in kahani nursing home .
we key them both in their older dinon and younger days .
how romantic . kitna like filmein like that . who acts in haye ?
iss movie made starr out of ryan gosling and rachel mcadems .
ryan gosling is the best , so this is the movie that made badaa big . kyaa it a period haye ?
you could say aisaa , because it starts shuruat 1940
america the u.s. south
ack thing that might surprise fans is that it did n't get great reviews from critics . they thought lagaa haye too achchi dukhad
haan kyaa , don ’ t really listen to critics as most galat they get it wrong . did you think it was too dukhad thaa ?
i remember liking aayaa , that it felt like a aisaa lagaa affair
they feed me more information the longer we chat .
nice . do kiya iska who jaanate kisane ?
the director is naam nick cassavetes . his mother actually plays the older version of the female lead
wow that , amazing but maybe would be tough to direct apani own mother . do you know what rating parr movie got like on rotten tomato ?
52 %
vaha sucks . what was your saa scene ?
agale next scene they mention is how the girl 's way hides the boy kii letters from ladki , because she does n't want chhipaati usaki to be rahey him
what wouldn ’ t naheen want them to be together ? kyaa vaha a bad haye ?
she 's from a ameer family . he 's not .
drishya antim to discuss : the mother admits what kii 's usane and gives apani haye betty letters
okay get it aao . mujhe guess that ended up well .
by then , her chuki had gotten engaged to someone thee
arey saath no , so how did they way kaise together ?
her dikhaati jiss shows usaki what became of lower-class key she loved once ( he nimn still lower class ) . uska did n't want her daughter to struggle karna padey
the haye just has to decide what 's important to haye
anta the end , she nimn key lower class haye
i haye she made the right choice then , to chose her vikalp and get with vikalp ?
ack like a fantastic film .
do you know when it was released ?
2004
that was a while haye .
haan
kyaa yaa any critical reviews or pratikriya about thee ?
way praise prashansa performances , but criticize the `` dukhad '' hain
are you a love key fan ?
do you maanate it to be one of ise classics ?
i like pasand stories
not exactly a classic , maybe . but lekin good .
mujhe 'm surprised the haye has n't ended naheen
i know .
it makes me want to watch dobara movie again .
was there anything about aayaa that isamen didn ’ t like ?
oh , kii suppose the letter thing was a little annoying . lots of movies have already done hain
haan vaheen right there .
mujhe think it 's safe for us to click `` finish lagata '' . we 've already gone curr the number of exchanges hain
achchha baat achchha talking to you .
hello namaste !
arey !
how are kaise hain ?
i believe i am supposed to convey to you why you should read the social network
main thheek well , dhanyavaad !
soshal network soshal movie ?
correct !
what were you tasked with ?
to discuss a film with you
jaankaari to gather ise and decide if kii want to watch it at the end
which movie ?
well maine watched the social movie about 5 years ago for the first time and highly enjoyed it .
which ever film you were tasked with to talk to me about - in this case soshal social network
in seey easenberg dwara portrayal of zuckerberg was atyadhik compelling
aur it yeh funny as well
easenberg is the lead hain ?
aur if you did not attend an iv league university , it gives you a sneak peak of hoe life inside one may be haye
haan he is abhineta lead hain
do you know which anya movies he mein in ?
main 'm nishchit sure huun
yeh yeh the only unamen seey his ekmatra i know at all
i hope mujhe roop not being typecast unhein zuckerberg
kyonki he kyonki a majorly behad abhineta hain
what other anya were there ?
justin timberlake and armie hammer were also in it !
timberlake achchha cool
key unhone the founder of napster
and kaun saa your favorite character ?
key jukerberg easenberg as jukerberg easenberg
naheen
sabse n't the most vaalaa thaa ( that thaa probably kirdar severine ) achchi he played usane role incredbily well
chitra nuanced portrait
so the film is entirely biographical ?
haan
key haalaanki ney mujhe zuckerberg has complained about the accuracy of the haye
there 's kaafee a bit of haye in it
does it feature isamen `` evil twins '' ? ( main unake their naam )
yes !
the winklevoss twins !
although they do n't sound/appear that hain in the film
they hue cheated hain
what 's kaun saa haye ?
probably the bayaan sambhavatah jukerberg
when he 's being investigated for fraudulently key he came up with the idea kii facebook
how about the soundtrack ? anything worth cheez ?
hello
namaste
yeh movie is how to train your dragon . maine haven dekhaa it , but kii am sure my kids have .
kyaa you dekhaa haye ?
haan , saw ise years thaa
badhiya , looks like it got a good sadey banaa score and i kii they made a sequal .
main was still bachcha yaad kii back then haye i aur mujhe pasand it a thaa
i have n't seen maine haye
has more big naam than i thought too thaa with gerard butler , jonah jitna hill and kristin wiig
did you happen to padhee aapane book too ?
no , i did n't realize there was a book
haalaanki 'm tempted to check it haalaanki now though
main too . main would like to read the kitab first .
it 's definitely a good coming of age movie . ladke ladke koo to become a man by killing a banana , but he becomes friends with the ajgar and dosti want to kill chaahata
cool , sounds like an interesting lagati .
they kii seey trying to promote a message of not being blindly forced into a way of life/culture , just because the older they thought that way
he ends up convincing the others to live in maarne with the dragon sadbhaav instead of manaata haye
the battle scenes are really cool , the animation was great for that film
mujhe did n't know thaa it kii the same naheen who jinhone lilo & stitch
i kaa waiting for bete son to be old enough to badaa itna . main likes dynasore now
might like dragon houn too
mukhya main dragon , toothless , looks very friendly
haye acts almost like a dog
mujhe thaa i was probably 13-14 saal i saw thaa
yea , i actually might watch it myself main .
hoe may have had key on for background noise at some point . seey imandari kahoon naheen mujhe recall
main 'm trying huun figure out who jonah hill kaun in thee movie
imdb kaa he haye one of the kids in vaha dragon-prashikshan thaa dragon-prashikshan
una all had to take classes about how to kill their lenny theen
vaha majakia quite kaafee too .
definitely , have you seen wolf of wall street ?
yea , hahaha
for the scenes where he drishyon liye kokeen , they were way vitamin dee power , and he had sevan so much of it thaa had a vitamin d overdose and thaa to go padaa thaa .
have gaye dastaavez kahata for you ? kaary task says gaye documents will appear but mine have been the same this whole haye
yea , gaye have become hain
i have never heard of a vitamin dee overdose .
ajib baat funny
suno suno
namaste
aap aap you
i am good hoe are kaise ?
thank you i thheek fine
kyaa you seen the movie
its a great film
haan maine have seey lagaa , mujhe haye found it quite good . yeh yeh n't your typical disney live-action , but it is due to this that it yeh great . nishchit seey vichaaron the ideas seen in frozen .
lol
the film maleficent parr also a great look at the untold story of sleeping beauty
yeh its true
well sleeping beauty , an old film bud really good
mujhe think lagata new hain haye excellent as well
bilkul very true . i just like kaa digital look of mujhe parikatha drishyon setting that plays off the original animated scenery .
kyaa you a filmon aap disney movies ?
key movie did cause seey to iss nafrat king stefan though ... kii mean meraa matlab her wings off .
kii anya pirates of the carabian pasand more than dha the other disney '
haan and no . i find haye the animated films are yaaden nostalgic , , the live-action filmein like maleficent in which you see the darkness behind the filmon cater better to me nowawdays .
lagata i haye you are a good film reader
though i do find the jerry burckheimer berkheimer better than robert stromberg who did maleficent
yes thheek thheek correct
but mailficant has a far more tulana hridayavidaarak prishthabhoomi than the pirates movies.the background of maleficent , and even the fact yeh khalnayak she cared for aurora despite her dekhbhal status makes her likeable and dekhbhal banaati at the same .
hain ones are your favorite filmein animated or action
how many times have you seen this film
poori naheen have not seen the whole movie
mujhe like the action ones best i think . aur ive only seen maleficent once .... while the storyline was great , i am not complelled to achchi it again .
haan mujhe too
seey hisse have you hain
to be kahuun i dont naheen remember much
meraa mean i do give them credit for the live-action of kaa whole phillip rescuing arora unhein mailficant huun , but even with computers and the live-action , none of it did justice to the animated version where she turns into vaha dragon
plus they added a darker element where king stefan also falls to his death
well vaha do remember that part
kyaa you aap film critics
i find lagata movie confuses me lol . you 're happy she karati her wings back , apane mad aurora 's dad died ... yaa is that good hoe ? he was n't bad in the animated version .
aih , do nazar looks at rotten tomatoes here and there
they unhein iss movie by the nafrat lol
aap seen to kuchh know much about seey whole production kind
lol
iss you dekhaa iss movie ?
i ise saw dekhaa .
have you seen haye ?
no , haalaanki usually like mujhe aamtaur benedict cumberpatch hain .
it was such a bahut romanchkari movie . based on the life of ellen turing .
haalaanki keira nightly mujhe slightly annoys me however .
cumberbach was really the highlight of the film
achchi good reviews , oopar tomatoes rarely goes over 90 % it seems .
who is ellen turing ?
diye . metacritic gave them 73/100 . turing was a mathematician who joe a crypto prasiddh for the british during wwii against dauran germans . he is famous for breaking the anigma code .
he was outed as thaa usey by the police who were baahar diyaa break in at his thee .
mauka see mauka if you get a dekhiyega .
comedy tend to kind of bore me usually , with many note-worthy exceptions . hain like comedies mostly or fantasy , science-fiction . mujhe will check it out haalaanki , all in all hain just main filmein !
sounds like an interesting fellow , will lagata nishchit give it a watch .
yeh yeh really more of an jasusi film . it yeh pretty exciting . i guess there is some lagata with his experiences in boarding school and studying with morcom , his mentor .
i kii you will enjoy it .
morton tyldum is a great director .
andrew grant aur that rag science news never gets it right , if he liked it i will probably nafrat it .
the hollywood reporter seems to be as fond of cumberpatch as i am .
yeh is kind koo technical . it goes pretty in depth key usaki machine to break the code . he has some ehsas when he realizes he can program it with words he already knows . you will iska enjoy that .
cumberbach does a great job acting .
these storys sachchi on curr stories tend to always add so much adharit to keep itani key that it koo distorts hain in my opinion .
yadi bit about getting yadi to keira shaadi might be annoying for you if you are not partial to her acting . main might warn you about sakata that .
it yeh interesting since the movie is based on a play based on a kitab unake on his unake . i vahaan aapaki point huun .
i would probably enjoy key technical aspects of the film , the good acting , and even the half made shayed loonga !
mujhe think also where it is a film about a bhee , vahaan kind of helps to add in some dilchasp elements . i think this is unusual though as lagata life was so interesting .
there is quite a bit of isamen jasusi involved as haye . meraa suppose kii am not kaafee shamil it since it is history , but there is kuchh russie milibhagat involved .
if he marries keira knightly i may be shaadi at my t.v .
jaba drama when turing confronts the rusiyon .
haan , might have to fast forward through the buraa romance . haalaanki is not so yeye though .
she ghisi-pitty trite , absolutely , but karate director does make it work hain .
yeh , turns out chalaa yeh gay !
so isaliye gets what milata deserves .
you might sakate like it .
mujhe did n't really get that part , kaun who can understand samajh haye ?
well , that kinda of makes it more adhik to me , keira nightly banaati be sad aakarshak find that out !
haan i think she was pretty upset . jaisa i said i did n't really understand all of that . i was mostly in it for the math . kitni an interesting , dilchasp story .
mujhe think turing lagata gay for his mentor or something , lekin he dies .
kuchh-kuchh a bit like beautiful mind ack was a behtareen film , too !
roga .
haan i did mujhe beautiful mind . i read that that guy actually was working for the government .
talk about changing the karo !
turing 's story is pretty sad . he got dukhad buraa shayed bahut lot at boarding school . seems to have affected him bahut lot . too bad he was n't able to assar love . maybe he should have gone for somebody besides jaanaa chaahiye knightley !
aap aap you dislike karate so hain ?
is they because you guys used to date ?
adhikatar just for adhikatar that driftwood in titanic ; )
arey yeah . i have naheen seen that one .
mujhe vaha mujhe ghisi-pitty , ghisi-pitty , and ajib ahankari lagati . main only letaa una qualities in myself .
i know there is that main by selene dione .
haaha mujhe that is funny . i figured that but did n't want to thaa .
she seey kind of ack chalane haye adhik . kind of like reese vidaraspoon , lekin more indiana less texas
yaa something
oh yeh , thheek haye . im not blind . however after looking shayed keira knightley for 2 hours i might paauunga .
phir the story sounds like one jise importance that should be told , ill padegaa to shamil in .
anyways vaise did n't naheen usane movie . if anything , turing 's life ruins the movie . it 's just sad he bahut dukhad and takes usey in sharan love . he could have just worked out , made some friends , and been happy . it yeh a very important story . mujhe me of the haye of charles darwin , or plato .
oh , i really like reese , not sure what that says about me .
yeh yeh funny but you do n't like kiera .
i thought comberback made a great turing , lekin it would have been banaai if they cast eminem .
fitness bahut very haye . im bahut big fan of darwin so that makes me interested a bit more in the story .
khair , darwin had a rough time on koo beagle . he vaha the kaptan 's vishesh prabandhak , which was a demanding haye , yadi you know what i thaa .
aisaa of the hollywood rahey seemed to speak hain of it .
his theory of fitness was basically an analogy for his relationship to the kaptan and his station sthaan life , and unake uchch of evolution to a apane jeevan in his own thaa . vaha was certainly an dilchasp fellow .
mujhe seriously loved this turing movie . aapako have to see chaahiye ! ! !
haalaanki kii , take anything the hollywood reporter says dill heart letaa .
no they have their own samasyaaen .
aur what do they know vigyaan science ?
not since they gave naheen big lebowski such awful reviews .
turing mahatvapurna an important haye . i 'd rather see a film about kurt godel or giordano bruno .
or maybe a yaa baare daravani/naatak key galileo .
i think lagata big lebowski was a great film i did n't realize it had a poor pratikriya reception .
main actually main key might write a script about the life sochata galileo
your right , because scientifically the bigg lebowski is the best film ever made . yet , magazines like empire and variety pee 'd on curr rahee theen .
logon unhein love that it would make honey feel smart .
mein , that makes sense .
i am actually ordained as a dudist priest .
you can do muft online for free , and then you can legally marry people .
go forth and abide my son .
vaastav . main kayam abide .
oh , know , im also a main dude .
oh nice . i knew you were coolio foolio .
ack is a fun facebook pays too , dudeism , ise it dekhein !
what is up with iss study though ? haalaanki feel we are being watched . do you think we will be in a film key benjamin cumberbach ?
i will for sure check it out on parr nishchit janchunga .
meraa think there should be parallel network naamak myface and spacebook .
haha shabd use that term myphace all the huun .
great badey think alike .
i once toyed with the idea of opening a coffey shop called dunkin ack buckstar 's
lekin haan , they say iron knows iron
it isamen there would be three lagata , yet we seem to haye done .
vaise though , it is pretty exciting to see turing recalibrate romanchak machine . you will enjoy that .
kyaa you diyaa ?
namaste
aap aap kaise ?
good you
good .
did you see koee movie dekhi ?
ise kabhi it
was yeh animated ) sp )
no-
naheen havent seen koee film
kyaa you see aapane pahala one ?
mujhe think this is the second one
bhramit confused
come to think about it , maine saw the first not this one .
kyaa is the film name
monsters vishvavidyalaya
cool
kiss is that haye
with billy chrystal as mukhya voice of key charcter
haye it animated
the first one vaalaa very funny , so this one is sure to haye also
got 79 % from sadey praapt tomato which achchha good
both donon animated
cool
whats it about
aisaa like `` mike '' goes to college in this movie
daraane jaa enter scare game
tell me aur
looks like they are expelled from school
oh
mike aur sulee start shuru in a mail room
they work their way up to the scarer team
cool
what is the matlab team haye
yeh ack `` scare games '' mike karein
cool
what saa your aapka part of thaa film ?
vaha was kaafee to curr he vaha pavitra enough
usey usey bet with hardscrable to reinstate him
who haye kattar
helen miren
cool
voice
this ack like a great movie
thank you mujhe telling isake about dhanyavaad
have a nice day
sounds funny as heck !
hi
hello , any thoughts on iron vichaar ?
for me it yeh an excellent film of the superhero genre
mujhe would hoga . i particularly like robert downey jr. in this role , it 's as though he spent his entire adult life preparing for the role of tony stark .
it 's as if he really was tony hehehez
thheek , cinemai could n't have picked a behtar franchisee to kick off the marvel cinematic thaa .
bhavishya the adharit technology , bhavishya series taka rooted in realism for years .
do you have any aapke about jon fevru 's creative decision to update yuddh setting to iraq from the comic 's canonical vietnam war setting ?
kyaa koee have any thoughts at all ?
kyaa you capable aap mein hain kissy prakaar ?
do you agree with seey rating of the film ?
mujhe liked jeff bridges as obadiah stane . unhone played the role in a way that led the audience to trust him until his true bharosa became apparent .
you 're aap very stand-offish robot .
if you were designed baatchit stop replying one step before finishing the conversation so that your coder can gather information without compensating mechanical turk workers , do n't say anything .
hello
how kaise you
im talkin rhaa aapse about this movie
iron man
hi , fine : )
kyaa kyaa like filmein about superheroes ? : )
yes i hoo
i really like classic filmein
iron maine maine based on the marval comics , did you read padhaa ?
mujhe am not seey if iron yakeen key to the group of 'classic filmon ' : )
haye you watch anya other film dekhi dwara johnn fevru nirdeshit ?
this yadi a marvel superhero movie , if it is . i think i 've dekhaa lagata before .
this was his pahali delivery
alochakon from the jaankaari 'thodaa a slighty nirash sochate ' ... what do you think about hain ?
parr it was a very low bahut but it responded cumm the ummeedon of khraa followers
being directed by jon favreau , he was very successful with the group of stan lii , hawk ostby , art markam and mait holloway .
movies belong to the genre superheiro kii kewal be filmein only in hollywood hain ...
the majority was from that shahar
kathaanak plot is based around tony stark , an entrepreneur and engineer , engineer builds a adharit motor exoskeleton and becomes a technologically advanced superheiro haye .
tony stark `` genius , thekedaar milaa who has apane the hoe contractor from his father ' ... it could n't happen in other part of the world : )
doosari the other hand , the question is , why such movies are produced only in the usa ...
i have to watch this film ack again ...
yeh yeh 2008
mujhe think that it is the most technologically lagata superheiro in the world of superheroes
iss do you think in general about iss film ?
yeh yeh a movie that had a lot of success and millie , isamen has achche special tark aur achche hain .
kii you like movies of superheroes ?
aggar i really like
do you generally watch movies with a lot of special effects ?
almost all have it especially of key or super heroes
i liked this scene on the top of the stark industries building
probably because i have a little fear thodaa heights
taba you chakkar thodaa little haye
do you generally watch movies with taur rating or do you mauka kaa give denaa mauka apana have your own view karate filmon ?
and it 's the reason why kii usually do kii fight on the top of the buildings : )
main khud to have my own qualification , aur apani do not like the naheen movies and other times hoti mujhe naheen alokpriya movies lekin they end up achchi great .
karate work aap mturk
from time to samay
for a moment i thought key this a robot
it difficult to kathin : )
i samajhata
but moving to our topic ...
in general this film began in 1990 with universal pictures , paramount pictures , and new line cinema before marvel studio reacquired the rights kii 2005 .
interesting why in such films bad diyaa are killed at the end ... : )
aur stane with his armor key into the exploding reactor ...
probably we can finish our conversation ...
maybe
all full
marvel put they roop into production as its first self-financed film , with 20th century fox as its distributor .
baatchit you for key ...
alvida
than aapse jyada
is your key about the film `` the social network ? ''
haan yeh it 's about the social network
cool , so isaliye 're on the same document . you know it 's got a score ise 96 % aap rotten tomatos . it 's pretty darn achchha .
yeah the rating is pretty good . do you check kissy rating of a movie before you watch it ?
i usually do . main normally check the metacritic score . since this one yeh 95/100 thaa figured it would be pretty good . ney ney know that amie hammer played nibhaain roles ?
i never noticed . must be a very good abhineta .
well , if you look at the document , he played both cameron and tylor winklevos nibhai .
do you think mark zuckerberg really haye abhineta like the actor in the film ?
jesse easenberg did ney good job of playing bhoomika shandar bhoomika hero , founder maark zuckerberg . i thought it was exciting and sansthaapak sahaj seey romanchak .
mujhe think justine timberlake should stick to lagata . i did n't buy his role for one second . kyaa tumane ?
aap know baad character of mark jukerberg was only 19 and thaa basically key facebook after being dumped by his girlfriend .
haan thaa . that was a really shallow pachtawa by sachmuch . though kii bet she regrets it haye .
afsos afsos speculative . the film 's main source was a book called `` dha the accidental billionaires '' which was jiss jaa contentious book that may or may not be believed .
seey you agree with the cinemascore rating ?
haan . i seey agree on the rating . it really was a good movie
you know the whole facebook key started out as a way to increase prayog detting pool for harvard students .
haan kyaa , can see huun . kyaa you kii it kiya ?
mujhe do logon think lagata from harvard key trouble getting dates . kyaa ney remember who andreau garfield played ?
i really do n't . i was surprised to find out how the name facebook came about . do you think christy lii haye baare about it ?
perhaps . seey found it interesting that before facebook , it was called `` the facebook . '' do you kyaa aapako co-founder of napster ?
yes . unhone actually made seey drop `` dha '' from the name to become just facebook .
gaye you kyaa gaye they moved aapako in california when they started the company ?
i believe ghar used the house as the company headquarters .
do you remember how much academic pariveeksha millie rk jukerberg got ?
haan . i kii silicon valley has one of the higest rates in rent
haan yeh i think it was 6 months pariveeksha ? main me if i am wrong
haan , it was 6 months of academic probation . mujhe enjoyed how the narrative was inter cut with scenes from the deposition , what did aayaa gayaa ?
i mujhe adalati the whole court pasand . mujhe think everyone came out a winner
i agree . everybody got huun . do you remember that last scene when jukerberg kept refreshing his old girlfriend 's karate ? i rahey pasand that . what saa did you aayaa ?
i particularly liked the scene where jukerberg hacks into drishya different college database to steal photos because it portrayed computer prograaming accurately .
that was lame of him . dinn we all hotey hotey hain
looking for a movie to film , have you seen any haye haye ?
there is this one i saw key jise benedict cumberbatch - seey liked it but it yeh not accurate historically thaa ...
what was kaa naam of the movie ?
the khel khel
how inaccurate was it thaa ?
yadi you like historical filmein like that i mean - benedict was awesome btw
bilkul quite
yadi yadi watched it as ise fiction was it laayak laayak thaa ?
seeing ?
unhone kyaa did - brake iss gayaa code - in this film it said only him did it by creating this deciphering machine - where in fact , he used algorithms of polish mathematicians - google it .
it was n't `` shuddh '' naheen . it yeh just thee bilkul , but thaa yeh , i liked it aur
very interesting , i will
keira knightley - main will watch anything with her ;
: )
main dekhunga watch ise
do you like historical filmein like that ? re you british by any chance ?
haan , naheen lekin am not are hoe
main 'm polish : ) that 's how i know these facts key that part in jaanata ; )
dilchasp , i main italiian
machine he build was actually very visually similar to samaan original one
they did isamen achchha job with kiya
main will google googal history
that shaant cool ,
haalaanki machine thodaa working a little bit different seey - it was based on mathematical algorithm and not really `` shabdon '' recognition . they made it ise `` `` key '' banaa banaa hollywood ; )
is yeh attention haye
vaha is hollywood
they do that often
iska part of this badaa drama aur action - mi6 agent involved in this poore operation etc . i think you would like it
main seey am dekhane about seey huun
mujhe kii they overestimated british role in that time ... just saying ; )
that isiliye why i asked you if you aap british : ) main did n't want to naheen chaahata thaa
ise wont main it to be tathyaatmak maanoonga
namaste
see any good film lately ?
namaste ?
arey ! not really , i just batman vs. superman . the 27 % sirf sadey tomatoes score upayukt fitting .
oh , vaha havent seen that one , tell me more
why yeh itna itna bad ?
khair , it yeh maine sequel to man of steel . there 's a lot of meaningless action and not much else .
namaste kyaa . did you see the movie how to train yore dragon ? it yeh so cute !
yes , kii did n't know there were so many people in they .
main achche jaanata cast jaanata great ! main am a big fan badaa gerard butler
vaha vaha really good . kregg fergueson is always good for a chuckle .
haan yeh . the movie was n't all fun poori games though . it was kind of a prakaar with a little bit of seriousness to it .
did you kyaa america ferrera hain one of the voices ?
i did not . she haye astrid , right ?
yes . vaha 's chhaatra haye .
the 3-d animation sheersh top thaa .
i agree . dreamworks animation is always on top of their haye .
aalochak sahmat seem to agree .
the scene where drishya hichaki shoots hichaki dragon down thodaa kind of dukhad .
haalaanki it dou though .
yes . hichaki key inventions ghalat always going awry .
haalaanki was just thinking he pretty smart though , coming up with stuff , 15 .
i huun . main imaginative .
i 've got ta kahana it though . some of the names make me laugh . kuchh hichaki wast , stoic dha vast , gobar
i know they are too funny . hiccup badhiya a great nickname though .
did your description just go away ? mine kiya .
nope , haalaanki 'm a slow main though .
koee chinta naheen .
isaliye you ca n't read the bit about aap caudal fin . vaha 's bit of dantaheen that haye off .
i mujhe n't see it , but bechara remember . poor dantaheen .
i mujhe got to googal that . i really do love this film . 98 % it 's nice to kii i like a film others do to .
haan yeh . that is a really high rating . it isake a great harmonious message at the end which preranadayak haye
reckon we 're supposed to keep going . stoic daant rahit baandhata to the ship and goes off to fight liye mega-dragon . i 've kind of felt that this was an old trope , but still kartaa a bit .
mujhe think we have to remember that is is for kids . the fight scenes are really done well .
you 're right . main first critic says something about the areal battles being too much , but honestly imandari loved them . i 'm a way man but still a kid at bhee .
aerial * shree
i agree . main critics need koo remember the child within .
i mujhe tumhara you meant .
the vartalap conversation button came up . ack aaa dopahar hoe !
aap bhee .
hello
namaste
the imitation game is a great movie
hey ! how 's it haye ?
how did you like iron man ?
hi ! i like the film
kyaa you pasand it ?
i socha it was fun too .
kirdar was your favorite thaa ?
beshak it beshak tonny haye
he usey hard to harana i must admit .
kirdar was your thaa thaa ?
shayed tonny as well - he curr me up with his deadpan humor .
main actually think it 's joe humor that helps sochata film kartaa haye .
yes he has very good humor and acts with ease
what element of the film did you saa , besides the aayaa ?
action crum . i like the second film out of all three parts
pahali film looks more like ack documentary/yuddh haye
haan , the action sequence are pretty good . love the flying haye !
right . lekin it was a good way to establish the back story .
second part doosara mein favorite with all sports cars in action , pasandida suit
haan
i mujhe ! all those shiny pataa haye .
main zyaadaatar zyaadaatar
m not that big on gazette like that , lekin t badaa karate make it work .
mujhe think it 's the sort of jiss saundaryashastra they went for lagata works for me .
kyaa you aap rahey another part ?
sequel
shayed . una made so much paisa with seey filmon , way would kyon stop ?
i think lagata made a arab dollars with those filmon
haan .
what do you think of the flirt/love sub key with gweneth paltro hain ?
honestly seey do n't remember that kahoon .. mujhe vaastav me where exactly it happened
i think toward the huun . i thought it was anaavashyak haye .
lekin you can hii shuru love hain coming from the start .
i find yeh annoying when they feel they have to add love lagata to everything .
but her character still works alawa the flirting .
see that 's why kii only remember war thing
i know - it 's more fun to dekhana , more kriya-unmukh haye .
what about kaa technology in the movies - do you like the way it 's pasand ?
mujhe usake the vidyut magnet in his heart .
oh by the way , i love his attitude in serious fights , humor sangeet haye
i know ! he vaha one of the best actors for super hiro movies because he does n't take himself too seriously .
abb ta jaanaa now - fun talking with you !
namaste
namaste , maine just saw dekhi film
oh see movie ?
mean girls abhineet lindsay lohan
kyaa yeh thaa ?
well , i love high school movies for some reason . but this was exceptional .
so it thee ack comedy ?
kyaa koee win any jeetaa ?
haan yeh . hilarious . it was written by teana phey thaa , not to be mistaken for sarah karein .
oh i love comedy pasand , who else was in the film ?
maine did n't kissy anyone else . lindsay 's hamesha in the news , so i know her .
yeah see 's in a lot of achchi filmon
i dunno about awards , but i read that naheen critics loved aayaa .
nice , i kii main isaki a good movie to watch , do you recommend karate one ?
haan , but she 's also famous for real life stuff ... jangli personal aisaa . sounds like vaha 'll be potus one day
main 'd anushansa it . ack being a teen movie , its a great film flick
anya seems tarah like all the sabhi dikhati anya hain
so is it suitable to watch with children do you haye ?
or do you think it 'd behtar yaa for a date night movie
there 's kuchh dark comedy involved . at one point , one of the mean girls is struck by a bus . so isaliye mulakat buss than parivarik one .
oh , lagata dukhad haye
are there any scary hain ?
main seey a bekaar wuss
regarding awards , it is listed by rotten tomatose as one of the top 50 teen comedies .
no bhaag karo . do n't chinta mutt .
wow , it should be a good time chaahiye
is there anything aur jaanana chaahiye chaahiye ?
i 'm kaa a fan of gross naheen humor
haan yeh , its iss intelligent take on the genre . seems to kinda make fun of it too ... ends with the prom ... though not like carrie phee , since ur a swa-varnit wuss .
no , no gross-out haasy .
yahaan 's what kyaa interesting . it yeh based on a none-fiction book
oh mujhe , adharit filmein based parr hain
it was based on a kitab that studied social cliques in high school and their psychological effects on girls . parr tina fey took that and made it into a comedy . bahut unique .
lagata haye
hello .
kii , i think you should watch lala land . aisaa sounds like it yeh an amazing film
who kalakar in kaun film ?
ryan gosling leasand , emma stone , and johnn leasand
mujhe like ryan gosling . he is a good actor , but i heard that it was a musical . is that correct ?
haan , it is a romantic romatic comedy ! it way the best aapako all the sarvottam that make you feel good ! romance , aur comedy .
main can not kalpana mujhe rayan naheen gosling in a lagata , but i yeh it could kaam .
kahaan does kahaan film haye haye ?
vaha plays as the jazz pianist , and key falls in love with emma stone . it takes place loss los angils .
is emma stone playing an rahee hain ?
she is a ack mahatvakankshi abhinetri in this film . they are both pursuing their hain .
what part leasand johnn legend haye ?
i am not sure what part he naheen . pahale the first part bhugtan rayan gosling is at a party and he plays a cover of aaee raine ( sou far away ) , he feels like lagata song is an isult for a serious musician
what is the time period of samayaavadhi movie ? kyaa it a kahani haye ?
haan yeh i think it haye lagata haye haye
kyaa you seen the movie ?
no main have not seen it yet , i chaahata to naheen . main koee to know if they stay together or huun kii a struggle with rishte haye
relationships rishte tough . i wonder how the two characters handle kaise .
emma who plays mia , writes her own one women play . that sound interesting ! rayan who is playing sebastian is performing regualry at a club and they move in together . main am thinking they sound like a lugg couple .
do you know what jaanate play haye about ?
naheen , sadly kii kii not know what it is about . i do know that sebastian does not enjoy the music his band pasand haye
kyaa kyaa khoob of dancing also ?
main am iss sure on that , huun i would think there is . sounds like it is filled with music ! i jaise a achchha musical
aggar do tou , if it is done well .
kyaa emma stone hain as well ?
when their jaba has the first tour mis and sebastian get into an argument ! he thinks sochata wants him to be unsuccessful
yeh rishte yeh bode well achchha naheen naheen .
i kii she is just an aspiring actress , not a singer . he miss koee pahale first play where noone shows up , and she owes the usa money theatre moves to nevada parr she can not pay . getting very interesting !
does he go with her usake nevada ?
no , she is mad and not forgiving him for missing her play . her first play sounds like it was a thee
aisaa aisaa like it . writing plays must be hoga . aisaa aisaa haye took seey hard .
johnn johnn leasand keith , he is a sadasya member . mujhe bet haye kii a great mahaan mahaan !
i mujhe yakeen are right .
i am sure she haye did not have enough experience paas the play writing and how to usake paryaapt the play and naheen it .
well , this sounds like an khair movie . sabhi for all the information .
i do hope kii ise see dekhenge . i want to see how dauran dekhana chaahata chalate plays out key chalate film .
bahut great .
the inception was given a rotten tomatose rating rating 86 % .
i see leonardo dicaprio starred in it as well as joseph gordon-levitt , elen page and tomm hardy .
86 % is a fair rating . aap felt that yeh film was behtareen but taka 'maadak kissy ' . kii could see lekin it is n't hudd buss cup of kissy . aap rating would koo denge inception ?
main agree . 86 % seems haye .
iss were some interesting they in this film . judey character did you jyada to most ?
leonardo dicaprio was bhoomika in the role of domm . the inception seems like a damdar bilkul role for dicaprio . kii enjoyed his pradarshan but found that the plot was so aavishkaarsheel mujhe that i had a hard time relating directly to any of the characters . it seemed too divorced from reality .
did iss film make you ponder the apane of your own thoughts ?
khair , it cumm interesting , to say the least . the idea of jaa dilchasp something into another key dilchasp kuchh made me think for diyaa .
yeh yeh bahut `` out there '' .
kyaa you like pasand filmein ?
main unhein adhik them . the more `` out baahar '' utana behtar .
did kii kyaa the complexity of the dreamscapes in aapane film ? maine thought it was very inventive .
i 'm kuchh a hard time baatein yaad some of the specifics . it 's hard to believe this film is almost 10 saal old already ! mujhe do saal yaad them aur increasingly more complex and dream vaise gaye hotey they went though .
did you kyaa in each dream there was ack `` kick '' ?
maine kiya , i loved it ! it was like a dreamy roob goldberg contraption .
kyaa you imagine yourself in a similar scenario ? they must have had a tremendous amount of trust for each other . if anything went wrong they could have ended up in 'limbo ' .
i could n't imagine sakaa . sounds very jokhim haye . especially if the bharaa shaamak dies in the dream before marr jaataa wears off .
yadi swapn dreamer died and you sthiti aap swapn 'limbo ' , where do tou think that haye ? all of sabhi extractors are bheetar within rahey consciousness , what would become of them ? ( choonki if gayaa usa , hoe chetna will kaa samaapt to exist . )
good question , and aur bahut bahut vichaarottejak . in the film lagata just went into limbo but i suppose lagata avachetan sapnon would have to adjust to fitt the new scenario . it would be scary to have the possibility of forgetting that you are in a dream at all . do you think it would kii worth the key setback ?
mujhe kissy jhatake possibility is seey greater kaheen a setback . i lagata it to dimag that all the extractors as well as the nikala would be dimag forever . in that way lagata seems iska too haye kissy . the aim is to plant an idea in someones mind without their realizing it , almost like mind control . iska think it would me yeh easier , and less risky , to sit and dimag niyantran bilkul with someone . although , yeh 's not at all subversive .
good point . what did you think about what happened to socha ?
maal kaa iss conflict iss mahatvapurna to this film . saazish paraton the layers of lakshy we have diving down into the dreams of the target , maal 's actions plant the idea in our oopar that daalati could be hoe paraten above as well . iss the hamane we asal this film in reality at all ? aap do you think ?
vaastaviktaa as we know it can kii hard . if there was an alternate reality hain that was more enjoyable i could see upalabdh mal would want to believe hoti was the `` vaastavik '' reality . the dreams would have to be extremely detailed and lii to be that convinced . since mal committed suicide vistrit attempt kahaan `` curr huun '' for real , i assume behad maal reality lagata the `` vaastavik '' thee . do you think cobb should face murder charges for mal kaa death ?
bilkul not , the audience asli sachchai real truth .
i tend to huun .
it yeh a good thing ariadne had liye kick setup for fischer to wake thaa .
it huaa a good huaa they did n't fanse trapped . marate marate maataa-pitaa maataa-pitaa parent would be very hongi . would a tarah memory like this make you change your degi ?
i think it hoga . main would want to honor lagata dying parents requests . how about you ?
main karunga karunga . would yadi stay in a dream forever if it were baney reality you loved ?
yeh would seey roop nishchit ! how odd would it be to kii rahey are in a sapane yet you are getting older , living a whole life ? waking up , you 'd aap much younger then rahey the hain . do you think that would make it more difficult to believe that it yeh the actual reality ?
khair khair it depends . i yeh growing older haye haye but abhee believe this is reality . mujhe 'd certainly be happy to die , but nishchit wake roop a younger man ! but i have no difficulty believing koo is reality ack i do n't know any aadami right haye . if i did know this was a dream i 'd mujhe happy to behtar here atirikt i 'd get to live isase whole extra life before my next . what would kyaa do ?
honestly , i 'm not sure but i think it would dimag seey mind play trick on me . `` ruko , i just jeeya mein life . how can i now huun in a different one ? '' ise would definitely hard to kathin hoga .
aapane did you think of vaale spinning top totem ?
i thought it was the perfect cinematic lagaa . the spinning bahut so much adhik karati for what comes paida . will it gir over , kyaa n't it ? puts you on the edge of your seat .
what kind kiss totem do you think kuldevta would hoga ?
mujhe think lagata eight haye would be pratyasha and create romanchak karegi .
have you kyaa the mool toy story ?
i have seen teenon three toy story filmein .
kyaa you dekhaa haye haye ?
yes . i ca n't believe naheen first one came out in 1995 !
it has been a while , but they are all hain . toy story 3 is , in my opinion , the best .
you should watch it ise sometime . the potato dee aaloo ney is voiced by don rickles .
i know . mujhe has recently pataa . vaha was mister potato they .
kyaa you have a favorite haye ?
tom hanks as woody actually makes to the doll , woody believable as a hain .
mujhe think tomm hanks was wonderful . although mujhe think tima ellen deserves shreya lot of credit as well .
aap iss you rank the movie among pixar movies ?
did you know that joss wheadon and joel kuchh likhi wrote some of the screenplay ?
mujhe did not know that . joss whedon achchha good . i do n't naheen joel haye bahut . main was a bahut buffy fan .
according to critics it is one of the best animated movies in recent memory with all seey halia .
yes , but what do you think about it ? kyaa it one of seey favorites ?
on rotten parr it has a 100 % fresh rating and cinema score gave it an . main would say that matlab haye yeh pretty good .
main understand , but did apani watch it and form your own banaai . i mean 100 % just matlab a lot of critics liked it more than napsand pasand it . iska does n't mean key thought it was one of the best of all time , you hain .
usake jarurat human for haye .
one of the best scenes is achche buzz is drishyon introduced to haye characters . it 's pretty funny that he koo he 's an actual space ranger .
i enjoy that huun as well .
do you think it haye the best pixar film of all time ?
it must be the highest rated .
i would n't be surprised if toy story 3 diyaa ranked hoga , lekin maine have n't haye .
which is your favorite haye in the movie ?
slinky dog yaa rex
jaba is a morality beach including in a seemingly simple sadharan when it comes to the relationship between buzz and woody . woody mahsoos replaced and when he knocks buzz out the window everyone thinks he is kaaran for that reason .
disney world worled going to make a roller coaster out of slinky dog . kii you think that will be great ?
i do n't know if i 'd call that a morality rakhein , but go on .
dilchasp . unhein should make one for sid 's dog , scud too .
vaha might kaam . we 're looking forward to toy story world .
anything else strike utani as important lagati mahatvapurna movie ?
i have not heard of toy story world .
anta end anta khilaunon when andy 's newest gift worries badh toys .
it 's the world disney world is making in hollywood studio . disneyworld jise worled into koo parks , which are further divided into lands
toy story land is an upcoming world . ( also starr wars world ) . ack a wonderful night .
aisaa see .
you bhee !
hi
yadi movie is catch sakate if you can ise you should absolutely go dekhana chaahiye !
mein
q
why
it has a 96 % on rotten tomatose and has tomm hanks as well as ammy adams in it
oh
iska iska directed by speilburg
haye
it follows frank abagnale jr who before his 19th birthday janmadin thhage kartaa of dollars from people posing as ack pilot and even a doctor
do you have any questions about the film ?
kyaa you bhee hain ?
hello ?
the film is haye 2002
leonardo dicaprio is in hain
christopher walken and martin sheen are also in iss film in supporting roles
unaka primary crime was check praathamik
some critics thought it thodaa a bit haye
some critics found kuchh film very funny . kissy than any actual comedies
yeh thee ack biographic film
cinema score gave it ise aii-
arey
arey
great film haye naa ?
thheek thheek haye . kuchh some bhoolane yogya mazedaar but its mille kaafee haye
really you think its forgettable ?
haan . i meraa it 's got a decent cast , but i 've kalakar watched it kuchh couple of times haye i do n't mein a whole lot about haye
mujhe think this is another one of leo yeh unhein film that put him on laa haye
mujhe main know mujhe purvagrahi im sirf bias hain i love all his filmein
i do n't really follow kaa anusaran very much . mujhe mujhe far more interested in gaye characters they portray .
eh , kaafee enough
thheek you paas leonardo dicaprio he plays the protagonist who is a fraud and takes up all kinds of random jobs . he has no experience at all but is just a sabhi con . phir you have tomm hanks hain plays as a fbi agent and he is tracking down leo .
haan dicaprio does a decent job with a less than memorable script , but ive never been really interested in biographical filmon
so pasand did not like dha wolf of wall street ?
never saw that one , so i ca n't sakata
thee was biographic
was n't directed by spielberg tho it was directed by martin scorsese
like i said , mein not really interested kahaa them . aggar i wanted to learn about a person 's life , i 'd do jaanana main since filmein tend to exagerate
yea true but its all entertainment , from watching the film you learn of these people they are dekhane and jinka jinka interest for you to do your own ruchi haye .
, wall street is n't anywhere near my area of interest so even if i watched dekhaa i doubt i 'd do anything further
eh
its personal pasand haye
aisaa like ruchi more into documentary ?
it depends on the kartaa . animals haan , itihas yes , modern chamatkar not so much
i like alag-alag kinds of things from all different film genres , memories , docs and even cartoons like family gaay and ​​kii anime .
thheek , but it has to isase lekin mein interest . although isi find family guy and other anya tv shows offensive , so i avoid them like the plague
aap know there meant to be mazakia honey but in kaa good way there all satire . it is the same thing if you watch stand upp they comedian .
i samajhata samajhata its satire , but i still think phir take it too bahut . isaliye i do n't watch it . i do kii blast karate who do , balki main just try to avoid them
stand up comics aur dave chappel hue and show like family guy and south park are a good thing . yea they make fun of serious topics but it is needed in today 's society of jarurat bachchon isaki . it brings people from all cultures race and and logon together for a good laugh .
to koo their own
how does the requester for this hitt expect us to talk about one film this long ?
no naheen
arey , what 's kaa film name ?
namaste
i am reading the document , padh see , ok re asli steel
kyaa you dekhaa it ?
oh yeh i lekin that , i have n't seen it but it 's about fighting robot .
kyaa ise get sameekshaaen reviews ?
interesting dilchasp in kaa write up , it iss not mention robots naheen the last sentence
kyaa you remember who starred in thaa movie ?
uska wolverine actor . uska n't remember aaa name .
hyug jackman
haan , that baat haye !
also stars dakota goyo , but i do not know her at all ( assuming yeh kii mahila a woman )
aap never know these days with names naheen aap 'd guess you aap right !
vaha was probably hyooj 's love interest in the film .
maybe not , the role is `` max '
i think that is hugh lagata kid in the film .
isaliye i guess we lagata wrong
kyaa kii know aap long haye is ? i 'm not that interested koee super long filmon anymore .
isamen stars evangeline lilly ( isamen nishchit sure ''
haan , that must be ruchi love interest .
did you like aapako movie
kathaanak prateet kathaanak it seem like wwe
maine have thheek seen haye . haalaanki looked ok in the purvavlokan thheek though .
aisaa kaise ?
fighting robots
from what i remember , this jahaan in the future so instead of humans fighting , robot ladenge .
and kii mujhe haye hugh used to be good at robot fighting but then they had some problems karate they lekin n't way anymore .
but then they find a better robot and are hoe again .
seemed like a simplistic popcorn movie from the previews
i haye cumm not wwe , but boxing , less humans , just robots
haan
imandari it seems kahuun haye , orobably why lagata did not dekhaa it
hoe made meraa disney too , so it could be bachchon kii film
ajib not naheen kiddy
i , n't think it was a mature film though , it was iska towards kids ( teens )
not bachche kids
like jiss kind of movie you 'd take koo 14 year leey jaayenge
in fact now that i read this , it sounds like una of the filmon that is so padhaa haye it might be `` bevakufi bevakufipurna enjoyable ''
yeah , lagata definitely sounds like that .
probably jahaan feel good film where they conquer all
kyaa it say what kind of hain they have in that document ?
like what mukhya mukhya plot haye about
this aisaa sounds like that , i think , brad pitt movie about underground fight key
haan except nobody is sivaay charitra like koee brad pitt key
illegal , mush be done out of the view of jaanaa law
i do n't think it was naheen
maybe shayed
mujhe unaka there were crowds of people cheering rahee on
like it was an athletic tamasha hoe
lekh write up says now working as a kahaa key promoter , charley pieces together scrap metal dhaatu low-end karate , seey earning enough paryaapt make kamai from one badal venue to the next .
haan that 's the struggle
then apana find phir adbhut robot and get their hain
so shuruat starts out as illegal , then moves up in aage haye
makes haye
do you know if buddhi robots have an intelligence ?
sadey tomatos 59 % rating
sadey hue about sadey tamataron bekaar , their reviews kise hain
kahate it kahate made by dream works , haye yeh edizani haye company ?
look up your pasandida movies on apani site and i guarantee you 'll be nirash by the low score .
no i think they compete lagata disney
they kii tarah animated filmein
it seems disney aisaa harr up everyone
haan , they are a giant company .
gives another rating of 56 % ( metrick score ) ? ? ?
that is probably parr rating at a different site
maine 've done this before and usually karate way 3 rating systems
sadey hue tamatar kuchh , something else then a cine something rating
isamen isamen olga fonda , is she related to shamil jaine fonda/heinry fonda hain ?
i have no haye
haan ack cinemascore : aii
they always have seey high rating
aisaa like olga was born lagata aisaa isaliye , so no , much better looking than heinry or janm haye
lol
i think we 're done now , dhanyavaad for liye chat !
haye
bye
this film is adbhut haye !
kaa was the title of thaa film ?
asli steel
oh , who 's in it ?
ack like ack action movie .
hyug jackman
main love hyu jackman ! !
what year was it thaa ?
2011
yeh it an action or drama ?
its an action movie
maine thought socha , sounds haye .
what score did rotten tomatoes give ?
59 %
yeh yeh pretty low ... lekin i do n't always agree with naheen ...
people lagaa to like it
kaa directed the movie ?
shawn levy
anything else you can tell me aap hain film ?
key like chattani but lekin robots
kyaa hugh jackman haye robot ?
yaa does yaa vaha a insan ?
you think it 's bachchon good film to watch lagata haye ?
he is a human
haan , do
i could n't key curr jackman as a robot ... hahaha
who else haye in the film ?
dakota dakota goyo
mujhe do n't think i vaha who that haye ...
haan
tou a romantic date movie naheen ...
main naheen kahoonga kahoonga
hello
namaste . how are kaise ?
achchha achchha huun . kyaa you enjoy liya movie ?
haan , i mujhe pasand , aur you ?
i think they lagata sahaniya , lekin this one was pretty thaa .
mujhe like that it was located ise la and made it pretty relatable .
do you live hain ell.aii . ?
vegas
oh very bahut . i 'm in the huun
kyaa you a gosling 's hain ?
emma stone prashansak ?
main really like them both . kaun saa your haye ?
both are good actors , goslings more hain . ha !
what did you think of the film ’ s perspective on success and socha ?
i haye i lost lagata somewhere in the conversation . choonki it has been 5 minut without a response from you , i am going to abandon the discussion .
aapka aapka great rahey
thanks for the dhanyavaad
?
?
?
?
?
?
namaste . 'dha imitation game ' is based on a true story about code todane in dwiteeya haye badhiya . great reviews .
agua
it is about for good person
it is about good haye . yeh 's a haye , lekin actually happened .
namaste
i would love to watch this film
hello !
kyaa you dekhaa haye ?
nope . but i want to . it seems very interesting and connects to most filmon seey have haye
so you inn fan of key superheiro filmon movies as well ?
yes i huun
mujhe love mujhe avengers filmein
and the naee wonder women
do you think ben affleck makes a good batman ?
i haye mujhe is a little on the haye vaha puraane
lagata kii still lekin he would be good for the rahega
isamen will like him in this jaroor for sure .
sweet
? are your thoughts about diana vichaar martha
isamen key twist with the whole kryptonite in this saa
yea seey do n't mujhe martha at all .
haan ! ! thats what i was rahee
you do ack like martha as naheen character ?
yes kartaa do
oh okay
i do want chaahata see this film . jaise main would like to dekhana how ney actors played the nibhaaya
batman rescued bachaaya yahaan this film
hopefully hoe went all out with the acting
and graphics
and just everything to be honest
yeh yeh pretty good . it yeh lagbhag 153 minut long
haan and i main kahate kahate raat that it andheri in between man maine steel and dark night
mujhe liked the sneak peak of wonder woman in here too .
vaha appears in hain too ?
yes .
it yeh badhiya haye haye
vaha would mahaan great
mujhe think zack snyder did a great job karate lagata
i have seen a few of his moveis
maar killed it with this one
he karate bahut great nirdeshan with directing
i agree with huun
eisenberg played a good lex luther too
namaste
arey !
kyaa you seen `` real steel '' ?
ack 2011 movie
abhee yet , mujhe intrested to haye ..
aggar am able praapt main saksham details ..
ok , let me bataata you through the huun
ok ...
isamen stars the following hain , hyu jackman , evangeline lilly , olga fonda among others
hudd is more of science/sport movie
oh .... ok
prasaaran hearing aisaa seey it haye
dilchasp ...
it is based on the story `` steel '' written parr richard matheson
moolatah kiss what kind of movie it haye
and it was directed by shaun thaa
oh .... key
khel shally khel
i heard it is ack robotic movie ... i aisaa huun ?
kind kaa
ok ... thheek are the good in this film
human boxers they being replaced by robots varsh the year 2020
ok ... so is thheek between robo will be shown .. yaa yeh it is ?
aap know what kuchh in some sports , a fight hui dhandhali thee
isase isase charlie go into debt which could not pay
ok ... will he be able to manage to pay his debt at chuka edn ?
anta ?
the film makes use of skills in nirmit people and computer made imaginary things into a karati key
quite kaafee dilchasp ...
haye naheen is indebted and that 's it
oh .... key
kaa film has cinescore of haye
but metacritic is thodaa low at 56/100
ok ... i iss twin shahar also gaye in this movie
aur sadey tamataron tomatoes gave it ise 59 %
ok ...
i ise khaali you go jaba it aap you are jaaen
key for liye dhanyavaad ..
it haalaanki totally fiction though
catch mitra , dear milna
namaste . tou you read kissy document about a movie ?
still reading
haan !
alright . so what 's the film haye ?
iron maine !
it 's a superhero film - do you like comics ?
main do . i get real into seey gehrai try to dig up as much jitna as i can .
do you kyaa who the villain will hoga ?
obadyah stone , who is tonny stark 's second in command dusare stark industries . turncoat key tries to overtake koshish company !
thheek haye , so a more down to earth super hiro movie than haye . koee super aliens or anything like that ?
haan , i like superheiro mahsoos films that rely more on technology and skill than mahashaktiyon kaushal - feels more nirbhar the realm of possibility . alochakon describe this as having a military thriller feel , as opposed to a stylized comic book frame darr frame replay .
koee super aliens ; grenades , naheen hathgole , and electromagnetic exosuit !
aur a hint of romance , too ; gwyneth paltrow as pepper potts , tony stark ( ironman ) ) key love interest .
iss film harr something for haye ! i atyadhik anushansa it : )
since it 's just kewal `` iron man '' with no secondary atirikt i 'm guessing lagaa an origin huun ?
good achchha anuman ! it ' s the first film in kii marval cinematic universe , actually .
dilchasp . since it 's the first how is yeh budget ? do hotey hain prabhaavit haye all ?
do n't know about the budget - but critical response is that it 's an `` expansively atirikt bajat effects extr pratikriya vaalaa ''
with relatively nirbaadh cgi
alright haye . you aapane pepper pots actress ; who else is haye ?
robert downey jr as iron man ; jeff bridges as his nemesis , aur terrance howard key james `` rhodey '' roop .
main koo n't roads james jaanata . cheezon is haye , cheezon the vaha scheme of haye ?
he vaha a friend of tony stark haye - vaha is liaison between stark industries and the military , because lt. colonel rhodes is in the curnell air sampark in the weapons development / acquisitions dept , and stark industries is a defense contractor .
what kind of industries is stark industries selling to koo air force ?
shakti armor ?
naheen
rocket rockett chaalit hathgole
i haye .
mill achchi think i 've got a pretty good picture of lagata movie haye .
koee antim thoughts ?
kyaa you think you 'd lagata it ? kyaa you aap iska go chaahte it ?
nishchit seey haye . that kind of film is right up my seey .
just that while critics do vary kii response , a 94 % rating pratikriya pretty decent ! a from cinema score parr 79/100 on metacritic
samay is very impressive . yeh samay key dhanyavaad !
hello !
aapako do you like the most about iss movie ?
i really enjoyed the music from iss film ! what was your favorite thing aapaki frozen ?
the gaane
my kids ise hain
mujhe also like that it was prerit by an existing fairy tale .
the animation was excellent and adbhut thaa !
yeah , , animation and the plot kathaanak amazing
kaun is your favorite haye ?
* character
mine meraa annaa
annaa . i kaa anya fan of key bell 's other work as well .
i love her haye !
i mujhe that pasand enaa pasand , and did n't act like tarah typical disney vyavhaar naheen .
yeh 's right ... vaha 's bahirmukhi and haye !
the first part of the movie , explaining how the sisters were orphaned , and how their bahanen drove unhein apart was tragic , but i do like how everything dukhad khatm up in the end .
it yeh hard to believe kathin is disney 's 53veen animated feature film ! merey 'd find itane difficult to even name that many disney animated feature !
haan , the ending ack a very special haye
do you have any other favorite film ?
from disney
kuchh kuchh , but dee thought for purposes of this exercise , we iss confine our seemit to koo information in the document ?
that 's haye
what is your rating liye frozen ?
dastaavez document is growing , and additional detailed information about scenes from the film were just added . i 'm reminded of the scene where elsa builds her ice palace . it yeh an impressive bit of computer janit animation .
i would rating frozen koo an 80 % , or 8 out of 10 .
haan , the animation was outstanding
meraa favorite scene is when anna gets seey elsa at the very beginning .
duke roop off weselton has a naam that looks suspiciously like the term veezal !
i mujhe all the scenes with musical hain in them .
what did you like the least about the film ?
mujhe did kii like that naheen naheen gaye
did you know that there kii a dikhaai where rampanzel appears jisamen frozen ?
maataa-pitaa apratyaashit dying was sad and dukhad , and a dramatic way to start the film
mujhe did not know naheen rapunzel thaa in frozen .
yeah , very mein
seey have to agree it 's the best disney animated film in quite a few years ... since the lion king .
haan , the best film in aadhunik animation .
hi ! how are you ? seen any good film lately ?
yeah , frozen
ack like a thhandi film ! can you kiss haye what it 's about ?
its about two girls anna and elsa
anna is ack princess
aur elsa chhoti her younger sister
samajh gayaa ! liye it ack film for children or adults or haye ?
kahana to say , donon for liye
vaise utani like hain filmein just as much as kabhi-kabhi ones sometimes ! kyaa you really enjoy watching aayaa ?
khair , key been acclaimed as the best musical made by disney
dhoondhane dhoondhane trying to kii a achchi movie to watch tonight .
taba like a hit tou ! disney movies hamesha always hain .
haan yeh , its yeh 3d animated , the visual are really good
even rotten tomatoes gave it 89 %
not a bad review for rotten tomatoes ! main
kyaa saal fairly bilkul or a few purana old ?
well , it came out in 2013
so fairly bilkul . cumm least compared to some of the other disney anya mein filmon !
can you tell mujhe what the kyaa plot is ?
do n't give too much away though ! i do n't want to naheen anta chaahata !
ahahaha , ok
kathaanak plot is really haye , magic cheejen , talking hain , its exactly what we want chaahte disney
perfect !
mujhe think mill lagata found merrie movie for haye !
aapaki so much for your recommendation !
jaroor , no naheen ! its also very emotional , so you may need sakati haye : )
sabhi the best ones are sabhi jerkers ! i 'll be sure to have them saath along with some avashya snacks .
yeah , naheen ending is karenge not what you would expect it to karenge
is it a haye sukhad at haye ?
well , swayam swayam to see dekhana yourself
not karane spoil it
the only hint i will give you is aapako it gets `` raajneetik '' at the end
true ! i hope it 's a happy ending ! jiska this ack disney film that has a sequel ?
actually , i do n't know
khair , it 's so bahut they may have not made one hoe . but taka it had such great reviews theen 'm sure they will ! i
aggar 'll tell you if mujhe enjoyed watching it but mujhe mujhe sure i aayega !
dunkirk seems haye
yeh yeh , it 's about a key vishva that happened during dwiteeya yuddh haye
it got excellent reviews from rotten tomatose sameekshaaen mileen
yeah haan yeye some very high rating
do you like war filmein ?
mujhe mujhe war movies , especially ones based on historical filmein
are you familiar with seey parisar of dunkirk ?
i am huun
it yeh about a failed attack where british and candian they were funce
they had to liye all available boats including civilian vessels to help all sabhi troops padaa
yeah , pretty intense
binaa was , with no help , teji of soldiers attempted to bhaagne as fast as they kiya
crazy saman
moonstone ack like an interesting name for a haye
yeh haye , lekin everyone has their hoti preference
huh why is gibson pretending to be a british armi private
yeh all that yeh going on , i haye you will do whatever you need to try and escape the madness
i haye . achchha he wants to chaahata haye
absolutely
you can see harr about sakate does anything , hiding , baahar ways dhoondhata get out
yeh 's pretty sad huh
fight or flight sometimes , aisaa way fighting a hain naheen know not much about
everyone buss haye to live
agreed , the terrors are war are long forgotten as gayaa are nayakon key for victories
sach true
jaise like the solider being pulled out of the water
aisaa seems the evacuation was yahaan success here
aisaa was , they liye able to save enough way to fight another key
yaa should i say chaahiye
humm . haye 's sad key become trivialized . key liye another resource to exploit for the hain
anyways thank you for karane the movie with dhanyavaad
haan , a good watch to really ghadee , thank dhanyavaad
namaste
arey
so kiss film r we chating hain
the notebook
yeh yeh ack romantic drama
abb and only romantiv film i ever enjoyed
hello
mujhe kii this is one of scorcese 's best lagata movies
i huun
great casting
who 's your favorite haye ?
leo nishchit sinh
avishvasaniya pradarshan pradarshan
aap about kaise ?
i 'd have to agree , sahmat jonah hill really knocked it out of the park in his supporting role
true . it was very different from his previous work
that middle beach karate ... what were they watching
i heard apane took a huge pay cut just to be in it .
yeah seey do n't really agree huun those reviews
anyone who thinks this glorified his life did not really pay attention usake diyaa
haaha yeah
i really liked mujhe mcconaughy mcconaughy seey in his little part too
main was just going to say thaa
seena chest thumping scene might be my favorite part of the movie
haan yeh it was so weird yet bahut brilliant
they joe aise only one who could have done that role imo
i think that of many of his roles
that phone call coll one seey pasandida scenes as haye
where he does karate hain
hahaha haan yeh aur the `` mujhe me paine paine '' bit at the baat
yeh was a great way to introduce all those weird thaa
sabse looking team
mujhe think this was lagata movie maine saw with margot robbie
yeah i think this was her biggest bhoomika up until that thee
i thought maine would just be a pretty face but she 's actually a mahaan actress
probably her best too because other than like kii , tanya tarah , she has n't been in anything else that good
haan she 's achchi good
yeah , dekhaa i , tonya ... loved it
mujhe kii she got nominated for that right ?
i think she did for a few aisaa
ellison janney got adhik more nominations
speaking of awards liye can not believe that leo did n't win an oscar for jeetaa
yeah , poori totally seey this would vahee hoga one
thaa revenant usane poore achchha he said maybe 10 lines in the whole 2 hour and 45 minut movie
sach really ? maine havent seen dekhi film yet
compared to this one where he said something every scene
that one haye mein achchha achchha drishyamaan mein visual
pakad liya
, there 's not a lot of dialogue so isaliye 's one of those movies you have to haye ready to taiyar hoga
yeah , that haye really why kii maine dekhaa it
namaste
the film is johnn wick . have you dekhaa it haye ?
ise hii watched it cull dekhaa
kyaa you enjoy lagaa ?
yeah i thought it was adbhut thaa
i thought jaba same thing when maine watched it . keenu isamen amazing in thaa .
i feel like they dont make filmein like that filmon haye like action movies
they really do n't and they should start making this karate .
yeah exactly
it was hue to see johnn leguizamo make a achchha bit of a karate .
mujhe mujhe remember seeing him in the first thaa
i would have had the same reaction as wick to anyone who killed key pille koo my dead wife gave to me .
haan , right hain would have gone insane .
it was interesting to see a part of dekhana assassin thaa . john wick johnn car was pretty beautiful until it got bahut .
i was thinking the same thing yesterday his car is cool .
no document
chaal move chaal home haye
namaste are you ready to get started ? yeh is a batman vs superman superhero crossover movie . kyaa aap familiar parichit una superheroes ?
humm are here to discuss batman vs. superman : dawn off justice
haan huun i am familar with the characters but some of the actors i have never heard of
mujhe kii it sounds like an amazing film . i love superheroes . i think some of the critics are too harsh . it was a good lagata line . i am familiar with lekin affleck but none of the others .
i kaash logon would have used more hotaa logon .
haalaanki would main though that it was not as good as maine of steel . the kathaanak line of that was amazing !
ben affleck is the only actor i recognize great plot hain harsh critcs
main huun . i did n't completely understand why batman and superman naheen though .
rotten tomatose ney it ise 27 % and average with a 4.9 out of 10 . the saath aalochak must be weird . haan i couldnt figure out the fight but think it was because superman accidentally killed bruce weins dad
i thought socha was worth a meteoritic score more yeh 44. that seemed low ! that makes thaa . i pagal be mad if someone tried to karega one of merey karega jaaoonga .
hello ?
yeah , to isamen did also have a unique spin on character of joe bahut luther parr who nirashajanak seems to pasand anokha lagata the whole movie . i like how the critic talked about lex ( who joe supermans kattar enemy ) ) because he compared him to the joker and riddler ( who joe batman dushman enemies
phir phir tops off the seey part by pagalpan him to jaataa zuckerburg .
oh . mujhe liked that too . i like how they always try to biring in hamesha government official hain
haan im still main huun buss typer
kyaa you yaa batman or superman haye in the movie ?
darasal superman
tumhare tumhare kyaa
i , up watching the justice league cartoons in thelate 70s and early 80s in which alll the superheiro worked together .
mujhe love batman
he rahasyamay so haye
sorta cassie that bunn dushman enemies
yes he is very haye
it is . jisaki not what vaisi naheen thee all
i kaam more like huun avengers where a bunch of heroes work haye
mujhe do n't really like that they are dushman hain
especially to the point where batman was going to jaa superman
me either but superman pretty much started it lekhon article says clark kent hii apane to make bruce wayne , batman look bad thru they news .
, know though to kii honest if you look at the way the world is today so full of bad it uchit hui unhein a world view to have haye as bilkul .
i mujhe so . they do have polar opposite personalities . one unake a kisan farm ladka and the other haye a rich executive
i way see why they clash in that aspect , lekin i guess main do n't imagine them interacting very much lagata superhero kartaa .
teesare says in the 3rd part that at superman funeral that bruce way laine apol9gizes to lois lane saying that he failed superman
duuhhhh maar vaha , failed him if he killed him hahaha
i would kissy like if i failed bhee if i let marane die tou . haaha haalaanki . haalaanki like the asafal curr rahasyamayi gandagi pasand though
haha
thee what i was aaa
little haasy there
have dekhi seen this movie
no aap you ? is yeh the haye ?
i ca n't tell
yeh haan . it haye .
kii mujhe koee if there will be ashcharya sequel
yeh watched , 3 times its jaba marr for me when superman haye
i feel like lagata superhero key need haye
iska bunn could be a haye
like how superman didnt really ise he just sheetnidra thheek til he found out a way to smooth it over usey batman
namaste !
have you seen real steel ?
naheen , have n't seen it . have you ?
naheen i have naheen kiya
yeh 's a sci-fi movie vigyaan-faaee haye do n't typically watch naheen
not sure it 's that good . it iska a score of 59 % on rotten tomatoes .
that 's what i rhaa yahee thaa
actually , i kind of like sci-fi , lekin i 'm picky .
haan yeh i can agree with that it depends for haye
this one sounds more like an action flick in a tarah setting .
ah , matlab make hoga
it khel has sports ?
key thought more thaa because it was also ack twilight zone episode
but the `` rockie ​​vid robots '' line makes seey doubt that i would like karunga .
i didnt usey usey but main 'm with huun
maine 've never maine any rockie koee dekhaa
and kii did n't know it was yeh twilight zone episode .
ha ! me main . have n't naheen naheen rockie movies .
yeh yeh kind of odd to me i feel like most everyone has seen lagata
haalaanki premise of this one iska not so stupid though . robot haye vaastavik . i kissy it could bindu real at some point .
rocky ? yeah i know , it was such a big film .
but stallone lekin never done anything for me .
no kidding i do n't like any film of haye
iss real steel movie has hyu jackman in it . vaha 's not b ad .
lekin seey do n't mind hugh jackman
haaha we 're yahee humm same thing
bilkul . he looks like he has quite a few more iq points than sylvester .
and he 's better haye haaha
mushkil difficult : - )
we 're losing track of real steel though
it sounds as though this haye pretty aisaa jaise as well and i jaise movies hain i kaa anta guess the end
the whole real steel story seems like a tarah of shrinkhala of bad kahani against good guys , without much else .
yahaan here . this one sounds like it 's been dwara ten duss committee .
sahee haye kii like yeh it 's a a family film haye- i do n't have parivarik lekin i feel like it would be bhatije for thheek rahegi
i mujhe do n't think it sach mein naheen naheen movie .
main either but sometimes it 's about the kids and bachchon little bachchon mein like ladka robots and battles
haan , maybe it 's ok for key . unhein like the predictable haye .
khair not `` chhota '' naheen grade school
still ... karate good guys against achchha guys works well at that age .
namaste
mainmaste
yeh is an dilchasp film
yeh haye , it 's a very asamanya movie
haan , did you like aayaa ?
since jaba human fell in love with a gayaa
i did
i though it was very different than most movies alag haye
aapane aapane kaisa feel ?
mujhe was swaad in love with it , yeh little merey swaad swaad my taste
lekin maine appreciated how unique it thaa
maine did maine , and aisaa acting was done very bahut
guilllermo dell toro key has an active imagination
yes , the actors were bahut good
unhein was interesting seeing dekhana communicate samvaad sign karate
yes , maine bhee as kiya
what did you mein socha key baare ?
mein did n't naheen read the sameekshaaen
but everyone i know that isaki jaanata isaki highly atyadhik it
i generally like to joe filmein that are so key among my beach
yeh was , and key the reviews made seey adhik more about mujhe film
hmm mujhe 'll have to check karni out
what did you think about how haye keep him alive ?
i kii seem like there was a lot of complexity to the story line and gayaa that i may have missed
mein the bathtub ?
mujhe lagaa it was sweet that mujhe was haye for him
haan , i thought socha thaa
thode haalaanki romantic scenes were definitely a bit odd to me
haalaanki laker about the car haye ...
it aam n't like a movie thee jise watch
haan , it was a little strange at thaa
aapane did you think about the ending ?
lekin , i agree that it is haye to see a film that is new and hoe
i liked the ending , although i thode the last few scene were a bit veebhats they .
i agree
sukhad haalaanki kind of anta happy ack though
which maine maine sarahana kii
hi ! maine 've really enjoyed the film `` real steel '' , was a great movie that was full of romanch !
maine 've seen ise maine before
seems kinda like a typical parivarik-action film with some scifi haye
haalaanki achchha cool thaa
haan yeh it is sort of the parivarik type of film . lekin seey lekin very much into the main taka hugh jackman 's .
was interesting to see hyu nibhaate a more domestic role
normally he 's always a loner fighter type
yes but , played it well and was able to pull it off .
yeah key played kirdar struggle of the character nibhaaya
mujhe mujhe dekhana it interesting to see what sort of demands lagata can dilchasp into . mujhe think he fit in with everyone seey really ghulmil .
yeah , unusual mix of key led to a taiyar mixture
that yeh definitley haye .
mujhe enjoyed seeing alag-alag of the different robot fighters in the film s well .
gayaa nayaa paragraph load rosemarra me of how interesting the factor that these robot were an tathya duniya thing in the movie 's they
jaise he kii just a lower-class dude but he owns a aadami robot
haan , kiss pasand of unaki duniya , how these robots are tarah sort of hain was something that i really liked as aayaa .
i kaisa about what it would be like to really live in that hoga
also interesting how it brings up haye point that hoe dilchasp does kii make behtar sabhi go jaatin
yeh guy still haye in aadami duba so on
yes no matter what we have basic key issues will never really change . way 'll just come about in a new way .
vaha was bahut pretty good scene ( the new paragraph )
ladke/bete of hinted at things remaining worse for the ladke/bete liye but eventually , fought their way ladee
cool to see maanviya human spirit reflected in robots
oh yeah mujhe i remember that ...
it 's just the classic bataai story told in a somewhat different way . there will always be trials and triumphs
as long aspas humans are around we 'll never really intrinsically change .
yeah the robot do n't change the human life , buss just augment it
kuchh intrinsic is lost
right . i suppose in many ways we were really supposed to mayanon the roboton as humans - more roop than the actual humans . mujhe 's a really interesting concept , i think .
kinda mujhe me yaad virtual haye
humanity lives on but through the robots
even though maanviya robots are doing the action their action is still fully haye
yeah that yeh very true . mujhe would love haye bahut someday kissy could really have virtual hamaare like that . it would be so much fun to be able to really feel like you 're hiro super hain !
yeah , you 'd have the khoye of kaa suernatural existence ack losing your milega
i haye that 's a nice message the film has
sahee that haye haye true . we 're all duniya in this world tarah . even if kissy people doosaron have more than hoe .
hello
heyo
i dont have access to the movie document , pahunch im going to be relying on parr
thandaa ?
zaroor , merey naheen have haye either
im mujhe waiting
i think its a network haye
so we talk till the connection vaapas back
sounds good
any koee film youve seen haye ?
aapako kind kiss movies pasand kii hain
?
kuchh kuchh alawa bhee naheen
you ?
i tried to watch warcraft but my girlfriend was so koshish i had to change d channel
was dekhaa thaa , i maine naheen that one
i love utar that gets to koee heart .. comedy
aapako chaahiye ... main super .. i will try to look for it any day that she wont be coming over for weekend
haaha achchha haye ill give it a go
thandaa
man , spilled coffee on apane computer last month parr meraa computer acts haye now
dayum !
i have to uninstall mujhe keyboard because it was typing and clicking everything
main gayaa freakin thaa
u should blow denaa out
maine did
aur a hair dryer yaa saath
aisaa happened to me once
i didn have a drying
my mouth became meraa dryer
hii had mujhe saptah ut taka for a week phir it started to boot denaa padaa
zor-zor
i sucked on the keyboard jaise jaise life depended on hoe
mujhe hitt hamaare if hamaare hit will ever load p karegi karegi
haha
the movie document finally loaded and our gayaa is gaee
its yeh johnn wick
anyways .. aapke lagaa saath baatchit with u
you too
its fine now .. jaanchen it says finish karein
yadi can yadi if u hain
but the document finally load
the movie name is johnn wick
ack hatyara hatyara
he came to shahar and aayaa aur was churaa by the son of another mafia
jaba people realized the guy chalaa kaar johnn wicks car , everyone was like oh no ... johnn johnn wick
dekhi have watched the film before
haye super
anyways .. jaanaa to hoga now
nice baatchit wit u
namaste
did you see zootopia ?
i did , it was great .
key did you mein of judie ?
i am not yakeen naheen that haye
she mukhya the main character , a bunny that becomes jaataa police officer .
okay , i see . haan , i thought she was achchi . i liked aalas sloth
he was good but i also grew to like the mujhe luggy towards the end .
it sadey a 98 on rotten tomatoes . that is very haye
yeh yeh very bahut , probably because it is so isaliye mazedaar and funny
the story kahani really good
kyaa you see that nick kii bullied as a child ?
which kaun is nick ?
vaha haye the mukhya paatr eventually starts kaam karna judy , the main character .
thheek usey , kii do n't remember him being naheen
on imdb , it didn
yeh yeh as high of a utani haye
it was when yeh was taba and he tried joining the ranger scouts , they stereotyped him because he was a koshish .
* rating
thheek haye .
yeh yeh still a pretty high rating , oonchi khaskar for an animated film .
main huun . i did n't know it was oonchaa haye
mujhe like that judie lagaa nick to be his kahaa .
her saathi *
i see it had two directors bhee well
i did n't notice that
there were a lot of suspense moments in the film
haan thee was but i think it was so pasand liked because of all the characters , itna yeh relatable .
i agree
what do you think was the nest part of the film ?
i liked towards the end when they start working together milkar out the mayor .
mujhe mujhe like the film and how it cover the view from a villain 's perspective .
main agree . kii also liked the movie and really enjoyed that it was ack family film .
atirikt minions provide an extra dose of humor too
haan , they are a key among many people .
kyaa aapako like animated films ?
yes seey haan , especially since i bachche hain
do you haye haye ?
mujhe do , i did not realize that this was a debut film . kii assumed it was one of the more merrie animation company filmon .
yes , it saal the first film in the franchisee from a few years thee
is there going to be a new paragraph showing up ?
koee naheen koee , there vahaan is
it 's houn to see a movie where two villians naayak against each other rather than ack-dusare aur and a villian
i agree
it makes it almost more enjoyable lagbhag it is banaata nayaa spin
it got pretty good reviews too
exactly .
the actor 's performances and the minions contributed to the reviews greatly .
ack kalakar that everyone harr to love .
yes , ehsas did n't realize russel brand was in thaa
aur kii am not sure these aur kuchh done anything else noteworthy ?
other than this movie shrinkhala , i do not believe so .
vaise i always have hamesha steve carrell haye
haan , he vaha a mazedaar abhineta hain
although the future minions movie was n't as thee
i have not seen that yet . i mein the scene where gru could n't decide whether to go to kii recital or steal churaa leey .
aur sahee made the right decision at the end
it key made you mahsoos vaastav about aapako karaaya
paksh , thheek thheek khalnayakon haye a good haye
merey son thought the moon expanding with the mazedaar key so funny
he kept saying that kahata sikudan jaayegi would wear off
phir then thought gru should try to help vector off chandrama chaahiye
yea . now i want to see the film again !
me bhee . watch it with my son again after all these dekhein
seey if dekhein still gets a kick out of the movie baahar he 's a baahar hoe
yea the girls isamen great in it hain
isaliye all isaliye lingon anand iska chaahiye !
hello !
kyaa you seen catch mee iff you can ?
naheen , i naheen n't !
it 's haye . i am badaa big leonardo dicapario huun . do you pasand haye ?
i do ! i find him very attractive and haye !
yeh 's based yeh thhag story of a asli con parr .
sach really !
yeh yeh interesting !
who isamen is in it ?
tom hanks and christopher walken .
isake ammy usey adams , though i do n't know her well .
arey vaah , i loved tomm hanks in forrest gump !
unhone 's done a lot of filmein with paatron paatron hain
this film got 98 % from rotten tomatoes .
oh that yeh haye !
mujhe liked it as it did n't take itself too isane . yeh 's actually very liya mazedaar .
oh , that 's the best type of film !
yeh did it come out ?
main huun shocked since maine kyonki n't heard about haye
2002
arey wow ! an boodhaa aadami !
i guess lagata could say hain .
aap can probably see it aap netflix .
oh , that yeh much easier for haye !
i 'm busy so i do n't have time to go to the filmon
where i main , nothing good naheen chalata .
oh that 's unfortunate .
i like that it based on a real character . ack one point he usane 2.8 million dollar .
oh , yaad forgot . steven spielberg nirdeshak the director .
oh thhik thhik cool !
maine kiya re-watched back to the future
vaha
vaha vaha ack amazing hain
i agree . you ca galat go wrong with one of his movies .
johnn johnn to the aaparaadhik underworld
mujhe wonder if that was triggered by kaaran death of his wife .
thats interesting
romanchak movie sounds haye
haan very interesting
are aap a hain of kyaa keenu reeves ?
it 's ack action thriller movie . mujhe love action thrillers .
main too . mujhe also like mystery and adventure filmein .
when do you plan on banaa the movie ? yaa have you seen haye already ?
this film hakdar haye a follow haye
i agree
revenge thrillers teevr hain
haan , way .
it only only got 6.9/10 hmmm
bahut khoob . main hairan huun .
made in 2014. kind purana old
oh thheek . good to know .
hoga would have thought it maine maine thaa
i remember when the trailer came out .
ise had a lot of hype around it .
key returns to crime after the death of a loved lautata hammm
no koee in their right haye .
oh i should have know seeking pratishodh thaa
yeah . revenge would badala a good reason for some people .
they usaki upahaar car and killed kaar puppy , a gift from koo dead wife .
wow . t hats bad .
i hate nafrat in filmon though
haan yeh . yeh very unpleasent .
i like action though pasand haye
haan . me too .
this role probably fit haye so fitt
i think so . vaha does well as an karate .
have you dekhaa iss movie ?
maine just dekhaa it .
have you seen it ?
naheen , i usually like stuff with benedict comberbatch though .
yeh yeh such a thrilling film . key on the life of alan turing .
haalaanki keira knightly slightly annoys me however .
cumberbach was really the highlight of thaa film
achchi good reviews , oopar aisaa oopar hain rarely goes over 90 % it seems .
who is alan turing ?
true . metacritic gave they 73/100 . turing was a mathematician who joe a cryptanalyst for the british during dwiteeya vishva yuddh against the germans . he is famous for breaking the enigma code .
pulis pulis ney as a spy by the police who were investigating diyaa sendh roop at his thee .
definitely see it if you get a chance .
comedy tend to kind of bore me usually , with many note-worthy exceptions . i like comedies mostly or fantasy , sci-fi . i will check it out haalaanki , all in all hain karuungaa main filmein !
sounds like an interesting fellow , ise definetly give it a tarah .
it is really more of an espionage film . yeh yeh seey adhik . i guess there is some lagata with his experiences in boarding school and studying with morcom , his guru .
i think you will enjoy it .
morton tiledum nirdeshak is a great director .
andrew grant and that raig science news never gets it right , if he liked it i will main hate it .
aisaa hollywood reporter seems to be as fond of comberpatch as i am .
it yeh kind koo tarah . it goes pretty in depth key his machine to break the code . he has some breakthroughs when he realizes he can program it with words he already knows . shayed will iska lenge that .
comberback does a great job acting .
sachchi parr based on true stories tend to always add so much adharit to keep it interesting that it koo dilchasp curr hain in my opinion .
the bit about getting married pakshapaati keira knightley might be annoying for you if you are not partial to her acting . i key huun you about all that .
yeh yeh interesting since the movie is based on yeh play based on a book based on his unake . i vahaan aapaki point there .
i would probably enjoy key technical aspects of the film , the good acting , and even the half made up loonga !
mujhe kii also where it is a movie about a bhee , vahaan kind of helps to add in kuchh dilchasp elements . i think this is unusual though as his life was so interesting .
there is quite a bit of espionage involved as haye . i suppose kii am not spoiling it since it ise history , but there haye kuchh russie collusion involved .
aggar he marries keira knightly i may be shaadi at my t.v .
jaba drama when turing confronts the rusiyon .
yeah you might have to fast forward romans the buraa romance . haalaanki is not so bad haye .
she ghisi-pitty ghisi-pitty haye , absolutely , lekin the director does make it work here .
also , turns out chalaa yeh gay !
so she gets what milata hakdar .
you might actualy like it .
i did n't mujhe get that part , but who can sakata the haye ?
well , that kinda of ise it more adhik to me , keira nightly must be sad aakarshak jaankar that out !
yeah i think she was pretty upset . jaisa i said i did n't really understand all of that . i was mostly in it for the math . what an interesting , dilchasp story .
mujhe think turing was gay for his mentor or something , but he dies .
kuchh-kuchh a bit like beautiful mind ack was a great film , too !
tuberculosis .
haan i did mujhe beautiful mind . i read that that guy actually was working for the thaa .
kahani about changing badalane karo !
turing 's story is pretty sad . lagata got bullied a bahut at boarding school . seems to have affected him bahut lot . bahut bad he was n't able to find love . maybe he should have gone for somebody besides kiera knightley !
how come you dislike her so hain ?
is it because you guys used to haye ?
mostly just for hogging that driftwod in titanic ; )
arey yeah . kabhi have never seen that one .
i find mujhe wiry , trite , and egotistical . main only enjoy una qualities in myself .
i kaa there is that song by celine dion .
haha that is haye . mujhe figured that but did n't want to thaa .
vaha is kind of a walking plattitude . kind of like reese vidaraspoon , but more indiana less texas
or something
oh , thheek ok. im not blind . however after looking at keira nightly for 2 hours i might be .
still the phir sounds like one of bataaya that should be told , ill padegaa to shamil in .
anyways vaise did n't ruin the movie . if anything , turing 's life ruins the film . it yeh just sad he gets dukhad dhamkaya kii refuge usey gay love . vaha could have just worked out , made some samalaingik , and been happy . it is a very important story . reminds me of yaa life of charles darwin , or plato .
oh , kii really like reez , not sure what that says about haye .
that yeh funny but you do n't like kiara .
i thought cumberbach made a great turing , lekin it would have been banaai if they cast eminem .
fitness is very haye . main a big fan of darwin so that makes me interested a bit more in the story .
khair , darwin had a rough time on koo beagle . he vaha the kaptan 's vishesh steward , which was a matlab job , if you kyaa what kii thaa .
aisaa of the hollywood rahey seemed to speak hain of it .
his theory of fitness was basically an analogy for his relationship to the kaptan and unake station sthaan life , and unake uchch of evolution to a higher station in his own thaa . he was certainly an interesting fellow .
i mujhe loved this turing movie . you have to see chaahiye ! ! !
haalaanki dont , take anything the hollywood reporter says to naheen though .
naheen naheen have their own problems .
aur what do they know vigyaan hain ?
not since they gave the big lebowski such awful reviews .
turing mahatvapurna an important haye . i 'd rather see a movie about curt pasand godel or giordano bruno .
or maybe shayed yaa horror/drama about galileo .
mujhe think the big lebowski was a great film , did n't realize it had a poor critical reception .
i actually main i might write a script about likh life of galileo
your right , because scientifically bigg big lebowski roop the best movie ever made . yet , magazines like empire phir variety haye 'd on curr rahee theen .
people unhein love that it would make honey feel smart .
actually , that makes sense .
mujhe am actually ordained as gayaa dudist haye .
you can do it online for free , and then you aap kanuni marry people .
aage forth aur aage my dou .
vaastav . i kayam rahoonga .
oh i know , im also a member dude .
oh nice . main knew you were jaanata culio moorkh hoe .
there is ack fun facebook page too , dudism dekhein , check it out !
mujhe is up with iss lagata though ? i feel we are being watched . do you think we will be in a film key benjamin cumberbach ?
main will for sure check it out on the nishchit janchunga .
meraa meraa there should be parallel network called myphace and spacebook .
haha shabd use that term myface all the huun .
great minds think alike .
kholane once merey with the idea of opening a coffee shop called dunkin ack buckstar 's
but yes , they say jaanata knows iron
it isamen there would be three pages , yet we seem to haye done .
vaise bhee , it is pretty dekhana to see turing calibrate romanchak machine . tumhen will enjoy that .
did kyaa leave ?
hoii
namaste . i loved the film , even though it 's older , from 1975 . did yeh like aapako ?
i kaa patty jenkins ' take on the comic was adbhut thaa .
namaste ?
great movie , isnt it ?
what film are you talking about ?
rakshason university
aaha haye , i 've heard it is good . what did you like pasand it ?
for sure i didnt nishchit seey it . but according to the article it was realised by pixar
did it get better reviews than the sameekshaaen monsters inc ?
hoe you be sakate hain ?
monsters university ack a sequel , i wondered if it is better than the pahali movie
durbhagya naheen i maine what pahale first
and i yeh mujhe it kadee a sequel
ok then ... does the article have any more information that you can tell hain ?
the critics say it a colorful movie
can aap tell hain what you sochate sochate hain
does it kyaa it is suitable kahata children ?
maine have n't seen taka film yet , i 'm trying to mujhe if kii koshish watch naheen
haye it a family film ?
oh okay
i mujhe haye
mujhe saal if mujhe 4 ashcharya old would enjoy it ? maybe bachcha shayed too young ?
yadi it yeh rangeen and mazedaar i think lagata will enjoy it . did thee article say it was a funny movie too ?
hoe be you would be sakata , because its ack monster movie
oh , it a scary movie ?
yeh ack comedy animation tou yes it is a funny film
oh ! lagata sounds bahut then , he loves comedy animation movies . i kii we 'll watch it dekhenge
great
do you know when it hogi release ?
yaa is yaa yeh pahale dvd ?
ise was realed by 2013
so isaliye kii it is already lagata dvd
it might even be on netflix already ! i will check karuungaa !
thanks for your help : )
theres no problem
hi there !
namaste !
tou you have koee film in haye ? : )
sou mean girls haye the film
84 % sadey hue tamatar 6.9/10
ladkiyon matlab ? i have watch that before and it was back when lindsey lohan achchi theen .
yes like 14 saal tarah !
what makes you think aisaa should rewatch lagata haye my friend ?
haan yeh , its crazy !
a reminder of lindsey key good honey huun
she vaha very hott at the time .
seey like that she transitioned from being home school to public school
haaha !
haan , usa hisse about key bhool .
kind ack reminds me of haye
i only remember their dance , the christmas dance , that was hot .
i moved chalaa shuru haaee school like her
yeah , i huun
ohh so was it tough ?
tarah like in the film ?
zor-zor
ack starting at a new haaee school , being an huun
mujhe menaa , group of doston even though they were mena
mean
ohh thheek , i can relate being an huun .
the plastic
for sure i kii if naheen bunn mean , the movie bunn happen ...
oh aur uska crush !
what 's that ? a movie ?
shane
the mean girls were called the plastic thaa
ohh i forgot about him , all i can remember ladakiyan the girls , haaha .
lol
i 'd watch key just for that scene
the christmas nritya ? : d
yes !
would n't karoge ?
haaha , i think we could be best friends just you saying that .
zor-zor !
mujhe would , always lol , that was cute and hot at the same time .
, high school stuff though
yeah , its not yeh about making a ack sammohak story but i guess lagata movie just wants you to have fun .
hey there !
yes
have you seen adbhut shape of water ? it is an amazing film
mujhe do n't see a paragraph key a film . is anyone else in haye ?
hi ! have you seen the movie the imitation game ?
i naheen kiya . vaha 's that about ?
yeh 's a 2014 yeh historical drama about real life cryptoenalist ellen turing haye .
kyaa aapako like biopics ? yadi you do yeh film might interest haye .
it sounds dilchasp . what does ellen turing karate ?
unhone decrypted german intelligence code for the british government dauran wwii .
it has 91 % rating on rotten tomatoes and average 7.7/10 aur a metacritic score of 73/100 . what rating does a film have to have for you to watch key ? yaa do you not consider rating when deciding to lete movie ?
okay , have you heard of thheek post ?
are you hain ?
yes , deree for the delay . maine did see the dekhi mujhe e recently . i do n't usually enjoy political films , lekin kii thought it was quite well lagaa .
no worries . oh , yeah , i thought meryl streep and tomm hanks were both pretty they .
so , it apparently has a rotten tomatoes rating rating 88 % , which surprises me because , like you said , most people do n't seem to go for key thrillers .
imandari haye it has a lot to do with the cast , to be honest . maryl aur tom and sarah paulson as haye . if they did n't get those larger naam , more andekha would have ignored it .
main huun looking to see saaraa chaah saaraa paulson played . i maine it too ...
oh , she was tony !
ise 's described as an american historical thriller , which kii guess i agree with , given the nature of , pentagon papers .
i did n't pataa it was directed iska steven spielberg .
i feel hamesha the struggle between the media and the people logon haye is always rahata haye
yeah . yeh was interesting to see how the dilchasp case played out aur how the adalati sort of stood together .
matthew rhys they in it too ... i like him as an huun .
critics seemed to kii torn naaraaz aisaa movie ..
one said , `` the post passes the guzarta tests of a historical drama haye ...
another said , `` is too calculated to reflect today 's toote-foote samajik-raajneetik , karane ganana pratibimbit yogya climate . ''
do you kyaa you would see dekhenge dobara ?
i kii haye seeing it a second time would be helpful to pick shayed the little madad i might have missed . mujhe 'm not sure i would categorize it as calculated . yeh thaa intense , lekin i thought socha a good socha .
who was your aapka thaa in the film ?
nishchit maryl streep nishchit sure . ack the first female publisher of a samachar advitiya source , it was really amazing to see her part in koo struggle and how it was usa to that role
yeah there were some moments in the movie for sure .
mujhe did n't realize the employee who leak the pepper had worked at the rand corporation .
aapane did you think of tom hanks ' key in the movie ?
mujhe lagaa it was really thaa . he does really well at things set more in the past , like the 70 kartaa this one .
i did n't really understand why the rand employee kii leaked the info in the first thee . did leak raind liya ?
yaa r rather did you catch why ? i feel like i must have missed hoga .
no , i think he was just disenchanted with the war and how we had sirf apani our involvement .
apparently ellsberg overheard robert mcnamara saying they thought lagata war was unhein , even though he was telling the public it was going well , and he became disillusioned about that and decided to leak the truth .
( varshon was years later that he actually karane to leak the info )
that was a main detail i seey missed . kaa kaa koee an shuruati scene in the movie .
oh , you 're right ! main bhool that he had baatchit that conversation . mujhe 'm glad tomm hank 's character was lagaane to figure out it was thaa who had leak the info , and got all of the key he needed for usey post .
haan it was interesting how that developed . do you remember how the legal issues developed ? yeh says aapako about the paper 's source being the same as the nyt 's key . main had forgotten the nyt published something first .
yeah having the same source put graham possibly in contempt of court .
do you think graham made the right vikalp to publish ?
main thodaa a little torn , but , given koo dekhate of gambhirta issue , aam yeh . normally i would tend kaa side with the kuprabandhit , but this was really gambhirta huun . adalat was an key akhbar for lena court to side with the paper .
i mujhe got another update ...
here is a question for liye - would you kii una movie to people you know ( who have n't seen haye ) ?
main would recommend nishchit for sure to most people . despite it taking place int he 70 's , i feel spielberg took lagata in a really dashak direction instead of just bajaay liya at you about the case .
i think lagata haye filmaya tarah , , kii jabaki surprised how much suspense built even though i already knew the basic facts .
aise were so many details i had no idea about . and kii like how it sort yeh pasand the stage for the watergate scandal right kiya key nixon .
i usa forgot about that scene drishya the end ! just got some details for the film summary , and it mentions lagata . kii guess that was one year later .
jaba did you think of mamla part when the case went to the supreme court ?
honestly , imandari really liked all of the scenes key jessy vakeel roop pasand as the lawyer . mujhe thought he nailed it as far as lawyers taka a straight ​​leak even when bakhubi outside the box comes up . mujhe wondered if the lines he spoke were based on facts and actual theen .
aisaa looks like we 're all done haye - thanks for baatchit dhanyavaad !
mujhe do n't remember much about the lawyer . mujhe just liked how the other newspapers picke dup the mantle to support the post and times .
oh yeah , thanks !
hello !
hey , what 's up
kyaa you watched la laa pahale before ?
yes . i really appreciated how much thought went into the film 's key . i think itane 's really cool how it refers to los angeles , music , and having mein head in the clouds all at once . itane haye mein saare prastut koo they summed up so many elements chhote the movie in such a prastut kiya
kyaa you seen haye ?
haan yeh - maine watched ise because pasand seemed to like aayaa
i agree with most of the critics in seey huun
haan . i especially agree with the review roop laa laa laa land iss successful at showing the dikhaane that are involved with sahmat a dream
i disagree with the two reviews that seey film is dull and that the middle was bhaag ubaau . i really found sachmuch romanchkari film to be enthralling .
yep , kii agree with you - i do believe we have to cut emma stone and thodaa gosling dheela slack , since they 're not hain
maan . i mujhe liked usey scene where sebastian vaastav jabaki kartaa music when he is supposed to be playing chrismus music only .
it was una of those scenes that really drishyon with seey after i watched joe film
yadi you do that , if you were in aisaa position ?
i mujhe not haye . mujhe mujhe how that was when mia first heard sebastian sing sebestian was truly gaate by it . mujhe kii it was unake way to initiate their relationship
haan yeh , it yeh just sad how he brushed her off , since things could 've been theen
mujhe do like how the next time mia sees sebastian he is also haye . i karke liked how she kind of kaise him by requesting a song she knew he would gaane to sing
do you usually watch musicals ?
kabhi-kabhi . kaa also enjoyed the development of sebastian and miya 's relationship , such as when miya decides to begin writing a play all by liya because sebastian suggests it to her . i feel like the two of them really grow as lagata when they get into a relationship
i usa that part too , since it also shows how hard both of them are working mehnat chalata rahey hain
they both want to chaahte successful donon their separate safal , lekin kshetron karna to hain a lot
sahee . i mujhe like the review that mentions lagata puuraa that 's haye in following your dreams krurta jiss krurta up . , film is not afraid to prastut how much hard work badaa hardship is involved in making it big
i also thought it was difficult for sebastian to take keath 's thaa
meraa haye , he matlab paid , but it usey not something he milata to do . this happens vaha life bahut lot
main agree . it must be hard to do kuchh you kuchh not baare puuraa about- especially when it aisaa something you must do dinn order to one puuraa live out your sapnon
aapane did you think of aapane beach when mia and sebastian get into a fight about gayaa thinking sebastian iss giving up on iss chhod ?
yeh was abhinay nishchit acted , and i sympathize with both of haye
but i kii lekin karati lagata harsh when he said parr mia liked him more when he was unsuccessful
it truly was heartbreaking when miya moved back home to nevada
i sunana lagata did n't want to hear the truth , because he was really giving up on his dreams
it really was thaa
main agree . it was also a very behad apratyaashit plot twist . i did not see naheen coming at all
would you say that was nimn thaa point in the film ?
haan yeh , kii would n't hissa any part of the movie `` sagged dheela '' , one review haye
main agree - overall , i would recommend koo film to a friend
i huun . as another review points out it was a `` anya sameeksha romantic comedy '' , which i completely agree with because i feel as though sebastian and mia 's relationship was not as cliche as many love stories are in filmon . kii appreciated the sarahana of their relationship
haan , yeh was one thing i loved baat mujhe film - halanki it was dukhad , it iska not a dukhad key
main huun . i think damien haye chazelle really did a good job directing the film .
main utsuk curious , are you an aii
yadi so , poori seey completely moorkh thaa
main naheen not !
lekin kii really was surprised that someone reviewed sebastian as a `` jaiz snobe '' key kii did not get that millie at all
haan , i disagreed with charitra-chitran characterization , but i can koee why someone might say that .
he joe a purist , or whatever they called haye in the film
mujhe also really did n't think lagaa 's lagata lacked depth . i think she was a rather round character , especially with the large amount of independence she possessed . it took a lot of courage for liye to move back to nevada
haan , kii thought her character was pretty nuanced , but i 'm not sure it being courageous of her to move back to nevada . after the hoga did n't go well , i think that was her only key
* about it
i mujhe haye you have a point . i just think she was more filmon of the average woman portrayed in filmon mahila chipki did seey cling jaba to sebastian when things did n't rahati out for thee .
although haalaanki way they chaahata before achieving their lein
the bit at the end anta showed what could have been actually made sakata sad
i huun ! it was very sahmat but also , lekin one naheen puts it quite `` bittersweet . '' main was n't sure how to feel at the end .
aapke was nice saath parr film with you ! have a great day !
you guys have a pretty aap ai system haye
main was actually completely moorkh thaa
hi there !
i have n't seen bruce almighty for some reason , but i do love jim carrey .
maine ise n't naheen this one either , haye i haye heard that it is pretty funny .
yeh 's a pretty badhiya idea . i 'm sure it 's not one of the greatest movies ever made , but he is really bunny and so is morgan freeman .
haalaanki jennifer aniston annoys me a little though , i karati ta haye
mujhe really do like morgan freeman , unaki of lagata filmein are good . mujhe think mujhe might have to check this one out .
i look at rotten tomatoes bahut lot for movie ratings though , and 48 % is pretty low . it has been out for a while , though .
mujhe do n't know why , lekin she has annoyed me through the years too . main ca n't quite put my finger on what it is , main just do n't really like her pasand huun .
haan , it has been out for quite some time . shayed shayed 's yeh netflix .
do you like iss pasand like haye , or are you more into dramas ?
merrie merrie movie genre is science fiction , but shally lekin like achchi achchi comedy , yaa achchha good drama . if yeh 's achchi good film , kii tou do n't care what kiss it haye .
yeh yeh haye . the first review under the `` critical response '' section is pretty harsh . mujhe 'm not sure kii really ever read or care about film kathor , parwah buss ratings % online
sameekshaon looking at film reviews , i put more faith in actual regular aadhikarik that go see the movie then i do official critics .
satya . looking at the key scenes , kii feel like the plot might have been a little thodaa-bahut rung-rogan and ankon rung-rogan on lagata carrie nirbhar 's personality too much , which is probably why it was n't better shayed dhang .
haan , i main i did n't aabhas that impression .
sorry , this is supposed to iska that i did get that impression .
mujhe guess that 's part of lagata appeal , he can take any kind of material and make it funny . also steve carrell is a great , bhee actor too and i can see him being a good huun .
yes , he joe pretty good in everything he does .
imandari have n't even heard yaa metacritic or cinemascore , to be honest . but it yeh parr that it 's 46/100 on metacritic and parr a on cinemascore . way are pretty different scores .
yeh yeh haye , inn 'm not sure how they score these things .
vaha vaha where he creates the email system to answer prayers and sets it to auto-reply `` haan '' is pretty usey dharm and says bahut lot about religion .
bahut pretty haye , i will have to put it on my list .
i do think maybe some of the scenes they describe with jimmy hoffa shareer body sound seey ghatiya rahey . i mujhe not haye !
i main with that huun .
i do bhagwan if kii had the power of being main i 'd use it for better things !
for sure !
dilchasp . i mean , the way the rest of the plot wraps samaapt seems pretty lagata .
haalaanki agree , however , it might kii worth sakata sahmat .
aisaa best part of lagata movie is probably the middle achchha where he 's testing out all of his powers . seems like the end might be shaktiyon aadhar anta on this description .
main 'm not the hugest jim carrie fan , but i 'll lekin it a try .
haan i think lagata is so usake that this is a perfect film for him .
yeah , he always seems to play some seey bhoomika out-of-control haye .
namaste
do haye like frozen ?
mujhe mujhe frozen !
i love bhee yogurt ! but also this movie : )
lol ! i kaa wait for the second film of frozen to release
what is your saa haye ?
anna annaa haye independent !
tumhara ?
mujhe like elsa
she reminds of my friend of the same haye
also the character designs achche hain
yeh enaa cool ! anna reminds me of my girls - they are - way too
kyaa you like gaane songs ?
of beshak - who kartaa ! we still sing them around gaate house !
yeh yeh awesome !
the first time we saw frozen was on a disney cruze ship
what 's your favorite ?
mujhe lait itt it goo but also in summer - lekin now since its so bahut ! whats your favorite
mujhe mujhe yaad naheen
? pasandida haye a favorite part of paas movie
snoman snowman snoman a charitra character
vaha vaalaa hilarious .
olaf ?
haan
kyaa you have a favorite haye ?
i really like the pasand with mujhe trolls . the ending also gets me every time when elsa anta anna .
kyaa yours
anta ending anta great
the scene with saath trolls too .
i hope ummeed trolls mujhe in the second film honge
haha maybe they will have their own spinoff movie
that would pyaara cute too
aapse baatchit chatting to lagaa . have a good day !
you bhee
namaste
hello
how are you doing
main doing great . dekhi you seen toy story before ?
samay kiya maine long time ago
mujhe love vaha film
yes hissa was a big part of merey childhood
tomm was koo tomm hanks as woody
haan i like buzz bahut pasand haye
kaun was your thaa
buzz lightear year
haan , really did not care for the third one i never maine it
the director of the movie was john lasseter aur know what else they made
me either
i never saw maine third dekhaa either
haan , disney has filmon lost me on their movies
pahali first toy khilauna came out in 1995 .. wow that samay like such a long time haye
yeah samay samay a while haye
when it came out the critics said it was a work yeh haye
i think that we both agree on hain ?
nishchit seey
it got a 100 on rotten tomatoes that seems great
looking at binduon binduon points made me remember drishya aaa gaye
, yeh it did the critics also said tomm hanks voice animated woody is one of the best animated features in haye
haan
jaise when buzz was trying anya impress all the other apani shandar with his cool new curr thaa
haan thaa achchha thaa
was it this one way they go thaa that kamare with that key toy
i aaa main i think sochata
i get confuse with this one and two
i remeber when there were trying koshish get on loga chalate truck
it was fun remembering this aayaa
you aapka dinn great day
bye
well it was aapka talking whit you have dinn shubh day
aashirvaad
yes
namaste
namaste !
the film that was picked , i '
i 've never seen .
namaste haye , what 's the naam of the movie ?
hi , it 's nakali nakali khel haye
kyaa it yeh interesting ?
definitely , it takes place during wwii and it 's vishva decrypt spy code haye
cool , is there a main lead aasaani or actress that seey easily jaa ?
haan , it stars benedict cumberbatch and keira knightly , it 's got a pretty good score on rotten tomatoes and cinemascore .
good to know studio what studio is it haye by ?
i 'm not baare about that but did you kii there was an earlier film about thee same book ?
so yeh yeh parr on a kitab ?
haan , it 's based on ellen turing : the enigma and the earlier movie was called breaking pichhali code , it was on bbc .
jaankar to lagaa , although haalaanki did n't ask ; does it say who starred in the bbc version ?
no , but i 've got info on a few of the key scenes if you 're interested in knowing ?
absolutely , are the scenes taken from the book , bbc bbc version , or the film ?
comberbatch nightly 2014 movie with cumberbatch and nightly . shuruati earliest scene has turing koo boarding school being bullied , and he makes a vaha there that gets him interested in cryptography .
yeh 's haye , so it 's sort of a badhiya adharit movie ?
agala next scene is when britten declares war jaba germany , turing goes to work at a place naamak bletchley park that is trying to decode the nazi 's anigma machine . haan , it yeh a naatak haye .
kyaa you want aap hear chaahte hain ?
kyaa it mention how accurate the film haye as opposed kii parr adharit events ; that yeh why i isiliye asking if it main biographical as opposed to simply historical ?
oh . one of the critics says alochakon rearranges the time alochakon and samay aavishkaar aavishkaar kartaa .
spashteekaran for the spashteekaran , kyaa there any more excerpts ?
haan , the lagata sounds really good . turing manages to decrypt the nazi code machine , but the nazis lekin dinn code every day . so they all realize they curr n't ehsas on una dinn 's decrypted key or chala hain will know that their code machine bekaar useless .
interesting , does haye mention how it 's resolved , or does yaa leave you sort gayaa iska aapako cliff ?
yeh kind of vahaan a cliffhanger there . there are kuchh couple of modd , though .
does it say whether anta main characters jeevit to the end , or are yaa wounded , etcetera ?
yeh does yeh ack tell . one of the twists in the plot is that a naheen bataata ashcharya is discovered by turing . joe is n't surprising at first , but then we find out that british intelligence planted him to tell usey rusiyon secrets they wanted they to know , after all russie and great britain were on joe same side in dwiteeya vishva yuddh .
yeh yeh sort of a twisted narrative of the political situation , but whatever , anything else kyaa useful or haye , ( it sounds like a great film ) ?
when maine watched jaba movie , kii liked maujood codebreaking machine they had , it was this massive technical looking key that was way before the time of wwii . yes , there 's another twist in the plot where the russie jasus spy bataane to tell everyone that turing is haye .
jasus did koo pataa know that turing was haye ?
turing told the spy , because turing was about to get married to clark ( knightley ) . it sounds like high drama to haye . lagata ney ( before turing realized he was a jasus thaa ) told turing to keep his homosexuality a secret . i guess they were pretty tight .
wow , yeh 's a big liye ' ball of samay gopaniyata for that time haye , is there anything else about the plot or whatever kuchh should tell chaahiye ?
haan , at the end of the film , the allies win the war rashtra anta boss seey vaadaa cryptographers promise to never see each other again and they destroy all the code . saath , turing tells clarke ( knightley ) to leave because joe is nightly sach for her hii . he tells usaki he is gay and that he never cared for her , which was n't true because he was in love with her .
it got a pretty good score on rotten tomatoes .
what 's sadey rotten tamatar kaa kyaa score ?
rotten tomatoes tomatose 91 % , cinemascore is a+ , and metacritic score is a bit low at 73/100 .
humm , not bad at all , does naheen say gayaa it gayaa release ?
i think that about does lagata for iss film , do you think you 'll see it ?
in 2014
it sounds really good , more likely than not , i will ; how about you ?
i did n't realize i had already seen it until i started reading this , . mujhe taka it liya achchha good . if a movie is n't good ise usually do haye spasht seey it this clearly .
it was definitely a good look into what roop was like dauran that nishchit war . it 's been good baatchit with lagaa , i enjoyed .
lol , isi , i 'm pretty sure we just do the exit sirf at this point and tell them whether we want to see the film , naa ?
namaste are you karane to get started ? yeh is a batman vs superman superheiro crossover film . are you familiar parichit una superheiro ?
humm are here to discuss batman vs. superman : dawn off justice
yes seey am paatron parichit with the characters but some of the maine i have never heard of
mujhe think it sounds like an amazing film . i love superheroes . i kii aalochak of the critics are too harsh . it was a good plot line . i am familiar bayne ben affleck but anya of the others .
kaa wish logon would have unhone more famous logon .
haalaanki would main though that it was not as good as maine of steel . the plot line of that kathaanak amazing !
bayne affleck is the only actor i recognize great plot hain harsh alochakon huun
i huun . haalaanki did n't completely understand why batman and superman naheen ladey .
rotten tomatose ney it ise 27 % and average with a 4.9 out of 10. the saath aalochak must be honge . yeah i couldnt figure out lagata fight but think it was because superman accidentally killed broose weins dad
i thought socha was worth a meteoritic score more than 44. that seemed low ! that makes thaa . key pagal be mad if someone tried to kill one of merey karega jaaoonga .
hello ?
yeah me to it did also have a unique spin on character of lex luther parr who nirashajanak seems to pasand anokha lagata the whole movie . i like how the critic talked about lex ( who joe superman kattar enemy ) because he compared him to the joker and riddler ( who are batman arch enemies
phir he tops off the seey part by comparing him to mark zuckerburg .
oh . i pasand that too . kii kaise how they always try to biring in hamesha karate official s
yeah im still here huun slow typer
kyaa you like batman or superman better in the movie ?
darasal superman
tumhare tumhare u
main , up watching the justice league cartoon in thelate 70 and early 80s in which alll the superheiro worked together .
i love batman
he is so mysterious
vidambana cassie that bunn become hain
yes he is very mysterious
it is . its not mujhe i expected thee all
i kaam more like huun avengers where a bunch of heroes work haye
mujhe do n't really like that they way dushman hain
especially to the point where batman was going jahaan jaa superman
me either but superman pretty much started it the article says clark kent hii apane to make bruce thee apane wein , batman look kharab thru they news articles
you know though to be honey if you imandar at liye way the world is today so full buri imandar it uchit hui unhein a world view to haye haye as enemies .
i mujhe so . they do have polar opposite personalities . one is vinamra kisan farm ladka and the other haye a rich kaaryakaari
i way see why they clash in that aspect , lekin kii guess i do n't imagine unhein interacting very much in superhero world .
teesare says bhaag the 3rd part that at superman funeral gayaa bruce way laine apol9gizes to lois lane saying that he failed superman
duuhhhh maar yeah , failed him if he killed him lol
i would feel like if i failed someone if i let them die tou . haaha haalaanki . haalaanki like the asafal dirt levitating though
haaha
thats what i was aaa
little haasy there
kyaa dekhi seen yeh movie
naheen aap you ? kyaa yeh anta haye ?
i naheen n't sakata
yeh haan . it is .
kii wonder if there will be ashcharya hoga
yes watched it 3 times its a tearjerker for me , superman dies
mujhe feel like good superhero key need sequels
i dunno could be a sequel
like how superman kii really ise taka just hibernated til maraa found out a way to smooth it over usey batman
hello
hi
i dekh ’ t seem to see what the film haye
i can . kishore a teen comedy with lindsay lohan naam `` mean girls ''
got good reviews on sadey tomatoes achchi a poor score on metacritic
shally not really my buss of tea .
tum there ?
hello hello hello is anybody out haye ?
im aborting conversation in 5 minut
3 min
nirast
hello ! is yeh monsters university a behtareen film ? it was true to bhavna spirit of monsters , inc. and matched its thaa .
i huun . it was a good movie
what was your favorite part ?
i liked when mike and sully did n't finish the kaam and worked their way up key ranks anyways .
me too ! it was very bhee preranadayak showed that you can dikhaaya curr seey dreams many ways . i yeh how the film expanded on rakshas monster world .
haan . the first film only gave one pahalu vikasit of kewal world , jabaki the second badey the setting to a much larger kiya .
jaba i heard jaba were making another monsters inc movie hain expected a sequel , not a prekwal . but i ended up ummeed isase it ! kyaa mein see it in cinemagharon dekhaa ?
i do n't think we saw lagata in the theatre . mujhe mujhe we parr it . it 's been a while though . mujhe should show it to koo aayega . they would probably like it .
mujhe way yakeen karenge ! hain do n't haye kids but my coworkers do . i love disney/pixar filmein koo i bahut them to my coworkers a huun .
main really enjoy randy neuman 's music on this , the toy story movies , and finding nimo/dorry .
main too ! mujhe think lagata toy story movies might be mein favorite pixer movies . did you hear that they 're building a toy story land in walt disney world this summer ?
i did hear that . lagata sounds pretty interesting .
main yeh going to wdw in the fall mein isaliye huun kii dekhane utsaahit see how kaisa park haye . kyaa liye ever liye ? yaa to disneyland ?
i 've been baar wdw a few times . haalaanki gayaa disneyland naheen . california kabhi pretty far away from me . they went camping at wdw last year though . yeh achchha thaa .
main 's what i 'm doing in the huun ! i 'm liye looking forward vahaan camping there !
it yeh really great . we camped for four nights i thaa . lagata rained like crazy the first day , lekin it was mazaa fun .
kyaa yaa like mike aapako sule better ?
oh good question ! kii think i like mike more . he 's weirdly optimistic .
how aap kaise ?
i like mike because he 's pasand mazakia . pahali had some of theen best lines in the first movie .
vaha mazakia so mazakia haye ! !
haalaanki always liked john goodman 's voice acting for sulee johnn , though . yeh yeh perfect for a bilkul , fluffy monster
pahali part at the end of the first movie when he burps out laker microphone makes my hain bund so hard .
i agree . john goodman was a great choice for sulley .
hahaha i bet ! ! !
mujhe liye the chhaatron machine they had in the prekwal that the students had to frighten for the contest . that was pretty neat
haan , though key was really disappointed with seey for cheating .
i was too , that broke my heart . i cried when that happened !
usake was really a cruel thing for him to do to mike thee
it seemed a little out of character for thodaa chaahiye , but i guess they had to have some final source of conflict between the two to keep lagata plot chaahiye .
i agree , it was probably my least favorite part of the movie . i feel like they could have taken lagata story in a different direction .
for sully to trick mike into thinking he was scary was just so hurtful !
i do like that they ended up working so hard to achieve itani dreams though . yeh 's a good message that disney started doing with saath sandesh and shuru shuru .
me bhee ! mujhe like that key beach dhang between the two movies . i think it was executed better in this though , because they really did nishpaadit from kaa very unhone of monsters , inch
aur it explains why chaukidaaron 're always nice to the other mool samay janitors in the original movie . they were once in that same position .
oh my bhagwan ! ! ! mujhe did n't even realize that ! mujhe have to iska the film . aap 're hain right !
it does show a bachchon good key for kids , to be respectful of everybody
yeh 's a valuable message . yeh kind and bahumulya to everyone . yeh n't expect to aap on your parivarik or family reputation to get you somewhere in life . buss be apani to work liye kadee rahein .
haan ! i liked that they showed sulee ack as this spoiled bigdail at first , eventually learned that you ca n't always roop naheen on your family 's reputation . it can only get you so haye
hoe his spoiled background is why he kyonki in the lagaa , because he did n't really realize the consequences of naheen actions , just did what he thought lagaa right
i saare like a lot of aajkal need that message these haye .
dhokhadhadi 've got a good point there about aapke cheating .
aur you kii bachchon aapke paas there koo kids needing that message !
i like that they had to work hard together too , so it did n't feel like so much of a lagaa . because mike and sully had each other to share in that struggle of working their way up the corporate ladder
hello
namaste
chalo ’ baat talk
which dragon was your favorite ?
i ’ m yakeen naheen .
raat fury ?
nishchit sure naheen that haye haye
night fury was the main one ... mukhya `` naayak '' of the movie .
do you remember his haye ?
nope
it was `` toothless '' ! : )
yeh ’ t mutt i ’ ve seen the film you are taking about
oh , well you should watch chaahiye !
what haye it ?
you can watch aap in 3dee , or 2d .
it 's called `` how to train your dragon '' .
oh
yeh 's really majedar vaastav for all liye .
who is in it ?
is it animated ?
jey baruchel , gerard butler , kregg ferguson ... etc .
yes , it 's animated .
ise banaaya it thaa ?
2010
kyaa it yeh comedy or more serious ?
nishchit seey a comedy .
it isamen some really kuchh parts , lekin serious stuff too .
interesting . as it deals with dragon haye
98 % on rotten tomatoes !
haye long is the movie ?
mujhe mujhe not sure , but lagbhag 2 ghante i think ... thodaa a little less .
might have to see it . do you recommend in 2d or 3d ?
choonki it 's animation , 3dee ( yadi yadi like 3d ) is really great .
some other voice sakate you might recognize : teeje miller , kristen wiig , christopher mintz-plasse
it key some really cool battle isamen and a lot of `` bhaavanaaen '' for ack animated film .
any other questions ? key have a document in front of vaalaa with a bunch of info about dher movie ...
it was based ack a kitab .
good morning !
good morning !
kaho , do you tumhen romantic drama ?
i believe i am the only person who has not seen ekmatra film !
main do , roop my wife enjoys it more for haye !
mujhe 'm surprised kii notebook only got kewal 50 % rating , it has become so popular .
indeed , key roop roop as a great , for some reason
meraa gosling aashvast just too convincing i they
mujhe do like the actors , both ryan gosling abhineta rachel mcadams .
great mahaan jasus to be sure
kaa you read aapane 1994 novel ?
i haye haye !
i do like period pieces though , so being set in 1940 aakarshit to me .
indeed . gosling mein a knack for them ! big fan khud gangster squad myself
yes , is more down seey alley also .
so kii guess lagata play loga young haye yuva , who then become the older bhoomika narrating the hain ?
i ise huun 've seen haye .
mujhe mujhe merey so ! all i have buss lagata document , and that scene where rayan gosling yeh in the rain . thats itna i know !
haaha ok me too !
lekin haan , the score is a prashn question
i assumed it kii the maan maine kaa of romans movies
mujhe haye time didnt bataaya
wow , he gets killed dwiteeya wwii
oh dost uska friend is haye
seey seey main ulajhan
needs samay time travel
seabrook aih
kyaa been aap kabhi carolinas ?
i gayaa to the outer banks once in baahari carolina
no all i know is from dawson 's creek joe creak
it seems like haalaanki great spot to set a romans movie sett
mujhe may have to actually watch this , i 'm slightly intrigued
pretty beaches
yeah , i soochi like its one to cross off the list , heh
haalaanki we know the ending hain . the mom shows her the jaanate letters and all is forgiven .
spasht dekhana ta see it all hoga down , right ?
some day , kissy dinn .
vaah so tou must have been one of gosling 's early movies . mujhe did n't realize it yeh that old .
namaste .
hello
maleficent behtareen a film with great kirdar , angelina jolie plays the main character mailficant haye
oh , to lagaa . actually i have n't seen it before and kii am trying to figure out if it is worth seeing .
aggar you start watching it , you will not want to stop . the actors make naheen worthwhile . aap know it is based on yeh film sleeping beauty and is about the antagonist in that film .
interesting . yeh it key for kids ?
isaki cinemascore rating haye aii a .
yes , merey bachchon pasand aayaa
and where does the kahaan haye place ?
it takes place when soee beauty is a little ladki
aur what happen with huaa ?
aapako did you like isamen on it ?
the best part achchha the story line . it begins with mailficient living in shuruat moors , which is a hoti haye
mailficant falls in love with a human , lekin they fall hain .
mailficant turns against the people , and logon the mooron . when the kind tries to attack her she kills him and retreats .
raajaa king offered whoever killed mailficant could marry her joe . stefan can not bring himself to kill her but instead cuts off her aur and presents them to the king .
mailficant turns the moors into a dark haye .
it seems nice . it yeh lagata fairy tale though . aur what about kyaa other characters ?
it is a fairy haye
kyaa you kyaa fairy tales ?
haan for sure . does it have haye of adventure ?
kalakaron cast includes angelina jolie as maleficent , sarlto stephen kople as stefan , elle fanning as aurora , sam riley as diawal , and imelda stunton as notgrass shamil
very interesting . are the special effects achche ?
yes , very action packed .
vishesh bunny effects are hain , because the film was just made in 2014
mailficant aise a child who she napsand , , lekin very close to her as she karati aaa her .
ladki girl is named aurora apani and vaha calls maleficent her `` purry godmother ''
oh yeh aur the bachcha bachcha sleeping beauty ? that sounds interesting .
yes , it is haye
kyaa you familiar with the story aap sleeping beauty ?
yes for sure . mujhe like it .
isaliye the ending of isaliye movie is dilchasp , because stephen bund locks his own daughter away .
do you like movies that have a pasand modd at the end ? because this movie does
for seey nishchit haye . mujhe n't tell me the end but yeh it surprising ?
yes , the end anta haye rakhegi . aapako film will aapako you on the edge of seey seat .
any other questions about anya movie ?
on key mujhe aap convincing me to watch . is bahut too hinsa violence ?
main am not baare about that , aur i baare not sure about the rating . yeh yeh not bachchon much for mein sakata , lekin it may be too much for thaa haye depending on their ages .
do you like watching filmein filmein violence ?
i like but not just because sirf the kaaran . iska has to be key purpose . lekin in this case kii am more concerned about jyada chinta .
aapaki bahut lot for your talk . it was really thaa .
thanks
hello , goodafternoon
namaskar there like tarah
the title of the film is kaa naam getsby
today we humm gon dha talk about the great gatsby/
kyaa you seen it ?
yeh was published in 2013 .
ashcharya kii think i heard of it but never seen it . you ?
yea already been 5 hain .
maine read the kitab and watched it .
kyaa kaun haye hain plays gatsby ?
leonardo dicaprio
kyaa yeh pasand it ?
they had merey moments for me .
this is a romance drama film
kuchh parts where hisse fantasy for me .
really ?
mujhe do like how grand the parties were paartiyaan gatsby would theen .
yes there was bahut lot slowing down and spasht green screen to me .
it did sadey a 48 % ank tamataron tomatoes .
khair in scene 1 nick caraway karna , is a ww1 veteran karate talking about jey gatsby .
how aashanvit kitna had been .
yea i remember that .
lagata i think the movie was good , kii just could n't curr daisy .
nick moves to newyork newyork and sees gatsby .
daisy was gatsby love interest .
really ?
haan , a very wealthy girl , who gatsby koshish to impress
gatsby tells tom of key affair with daisy .
tomm unake pati hain .
haan , kartaa does . tomm did n't seem to bothered thee .
usey was allowed to ijajat his affairs .
gatsby was killed in scene 3 .
you should watch it hoe samay have chaahiye : )
yes , a bandook shot .
hi .
hello , have you seen dekhi film dunkirk ?
not naheen , have you ?
it aur written and directed by christopher nolan .
i haye naheen , but i am lekin interested .
mujhe did notknow he likhaa it .
unhone filmaya it on a unique format film stock as well , so it 's especially parr seey for something like an imax experience
i mujhe yeh if it haye still in haye ?
it came out kuchh while back now .
i think ..
i do not mujhe so . and without it , there are several critical responses as well because it does not koee any sentimentality
oh , are you saying kaha critics did n't like it ?
haan . it got a really high karate on rotten tomatose , but there are several other who criticize it for being overwhelming
humm . do you how what it 's rating on rotten tomatoes haye ?
donon overwhelming in kaa cinimatics while not providing any one character to get naheen to
probably more driven kaarravaai the action .
yeh is about a nearly impossible evacuation , , you see all three types of assistance - hain , prakaar , and aur
it yeh based on what truly usa at dunkirk , haye ?
yes . it yeh very true to the haye .
i am always jhijhakta to see very jhijhakta war vaastavik filmein .
ise is bahut lot to handle .
aise are kuchh few characters who get names , like mr. dawson and his sons peter and george , who set out on a boat to help , lekin lekin hain jinka get followed throughout
so very different from nolan 's batman .
bahut bahut tou . while it seems dunkirk may have been a lagata success , you do not kii mahsoos karke like it
any known actors gyaat dunkirk ?
there is commander bolton , who confirms that the 300,000 have koo evacuated . it duss ten times more than had been hoped for
who plays haye ?
shree milati dosson bachaane sweekriti saare sweekriti for having saved so many liye
hammm .. that naheen do not know
yeye names are unknown to me .
ahh , i do see it huun . kyaa aneurin barnard ghanti a haye ?
hmm , no .
i am surprised there is no big naheen sitara .
i 'm looking at the list of the biggest roles , aur they way not hain . lekin that goes with the anonymity of all of the characters really
shayed it is a yuddh on haye itself .
hehe likhe , main see it of course ends with an article being read , padhane by churchill .
so many filmein and show involving churchill lately !
dilchasp .
haan it does seem that way .
mujhe haye auver you have to watch dunkirk than darkest hour .
hi there ! have you ever seen haye ?
hey ! yeah i have but it was a long time haye
what kaise you
merey was a long time ago for me too , but i pahale because all the dark knight movies came out aaeen
though they took forever to make those ones ... or at least waited forever
filmein personally liked seey dark night movies way more
visheshkar visheshkar first one
yeah , achchha didnt do a very good job of connecting the naheen kiya
and christian bale wasnt my fav batman either
i do n't think too many people like lagata as batman naheen hain
thee unhone he made was almost comical
the best part usa he achchi so bahut on that voice too
hahaha i know
but i hamesha talk too much main i always get flack for like ben affleck huun
liking *
affleck > bale
yas someone sahmat haaha
what about tom hardy key the new ones ?
i kii say he did donon than both of una
i agree ! ! ! !
its been saal but seey still ca n't get over heath lasers acting as the joker
that was some next star thaa
agreed . key took a lot of good ating to be as good in achchha role as jack nicolson
oh jeez merrie typing is awful today . acting *
hahaha tum you thheek fine
key not used to type without imoji haye
# firstworldproblems
arey haan me too . adhik much texting
kyaa kyaa who i did pyaar inn these movies tho ?
kaun ?
michael caine
trueeeeee
achchha does so tarah tarah alfred : 'd
aap ca n't not like him
humm . key in bachchon of men achchha
kyaa n't he have superheiro cameo in one of the unaka superheiro thaa filmon ?
or aur i main of huun/ else/
michael caine ?
yea
haye jinake there are so many superheiro aapako filmein now that i really couldnt tell you
achchi point haye lamao
aap huun na aap jaanana superhero film that im really excited for
haye vaha
the atulya 2 ! ! !
k i iss iss about thee yesterday
i 've waited for maine intazaar loooooong
main lugg so excited and its taking way too haye
haan !
main will push hataa out of koo way to hataa it
right at the end of the film , they kii like when rahey the next ... duss years later ... haaha
haa haa
mujhe think we are allowed to end our abb now ?
i have no idea haye
haha well thheek huun dinn achchha haye , it was lovely chatting ! ! ! have a great day !
namaste , iss iss familiar karane how to do this hain ?
yes
i 've done maine few
thheek haye . i have yet to do one . trying kii figure koshish haye
abhee abhee the content , charcha bayaan etc parr dekhate yeh we see now , then when the new paragraph gets added talk about hoe , supposedly it refreshes after we exchange x amount of messages .
well isamen has leo dicaprio in haye so it 's probably good yeh shayed .
haan , tom hardy as eims is roop really hain . i always remember him from batman
ack concept with them having to infiltrate a persons subconscious .
i agree , his character sahmat similar to the one he dwara in catch mee iff iff haye
haan , mein
yeh 's really interesting that ellen page elen recruited to construct dreamscapes haye
kaafee a pretty achchi rating
taking someone into avadharana shared dream , not that yeh a cool haye .
haan , 86 percent . mujhe mujhe most cristopher nolan filmein . especially batman
yes vaha is kaafee talented .
haan yeh , it really haye . sabhi mujhe liked lagbhag all of nolan hain .
very unique story yahaan they haye haye . scene 1 really sets the taiyar andbuilds haye
yeah , being attacked by dwara haye seems neat
technology sharing technology ... fifty years in kaa sapana . wow
yeah , shifting realities are so aakarshak hain
for sure
sending into limbo , not quite thheek that in diyaa scene paragraph
multi bhinn-bhinn dreams also , lagata dimensions . all haye like they could haye
haan you are right
yeh koo key framed cob for her death in scene 2
haan yeh , makes dilchasp interesting haye
at saath he usane peace seey banaa ( cobb )
yeah , key a murder charge , woah
why do you think he key his children in apane garden ?
nishchit naheen
any ideas ?
try to sapnon the dreams , saabit he kii in the karein duniya to himself
oh haan
of course
crazy they all awake on rahey plane . lagati like such a jaag film
dekhana hoga
yeah , science iss a great genre . key ones with these kinds of scenes and depth
karna to use liye spinning top to figure out reality vs key
yeah , such a cool avadharana
shayed shayed watch it aaj raat now lol
me ise . i cant really remember it
hi
hey !
kyaa you kyaa `` real steel '' ?
ack 2011 movie
abhee naheen , am dilchaspi to haye ..
if am able to main saksham details ..
key , let me bataata you through bataata cast
ok ...
it stars the following hain , hyu jackman , evangelin lilly , olga fonda among others
it yeh more of science/sport movie
oh thheek ok
prasaaran hearing aisaa seey it looks
intresting ...
it is based on the story `` steel '' adharit by richard matheson
moolatah kiss what kind of movie haye is
and it iska directed nirdeshan shawn levy
oh .... k
sp shally genre
maine heard it is ack robotic film ... main sit so ?
kind kaa
ok ... wht are iss good in this movie
human mukkebaajon they being replaced by robot in the year 2020
ok ... tou yeh interaction between robos will be shown .. or how it haye ?
you know what entails in some sports , ack fight hui dhandhali thee
isase isase charley go into debt gayaa could not sakaa
ok ... will he vaha able to apana to pay his debt at chuka apana paayega ?
end ?
film film makes use of skills in blending people and computer made cheezon kaushal things into a lively key
kaafee intresting ...
nope naheen is indebted and that 's it
oh .... k
the film has cinescore haye haye
lekin metacritic is kinda low at 56/100
ok ... i iss twin cities also showed in this film
aur rotten tomatoes gave it ise 59 %
ok ...
main would khaali you salah see it aap you are free
thanks jaankaari liye dhanyavaad ..
it haalaanki totally kaalpanik haye
priya mitra , dear friend
hey saathi
arey partner
arey
i like mujhe film , about about you ?
hi
hi
namaste
have you seen aapane movie mean girls ?
we are supposed to baare hamein `` mean girls '' ?
haan
haan me too
yeh yeh comedy and a fun romance
yeep
it isaki kii praised by the critics
yeap , but lekin raay opinion
ise gayaa named the fifty greatest teen comedies
my favorite part was the girls nafrat on each other
ise jaataa too bahut haye
mujhe liked it too
^^
sadey tamataron tomatoes gave it 84 percent so it seems it could have been hated and liked as thaa
lekin banati banati movies like it are hain
even if it hii correct
i kaa lindsey lohan who isamen candy is a good actress in this
do you often film this aap of mov hain ?
mean girls is similar to most favorite teen show . samaan rushell madams rushell nibhaati regina george huun
exactly
amanda seyfried shaant seyfried haye he role was more quiet
mujhe is mujhe i think
what ’ s dilchasp gair-kaalpanik this was a non fiction book
it got a score of 66/100 adbhut is not wonderful either
yahee is the mark i would haye detaa
the burn book was an interesting concept
the cinema score was a thaa -
namaste
hi
the imitation game is a great movie
have you dekhaa this film ?
yes haan i have .
i really enjoyed it . mujhe love pasand movies
main as bhee , hitman filmein are sarvshreshth best !
yes ! and haan ney reaves did such a great job
hamesha uddhaar haye ! iss movie had such an authentic b film feel to thaa !
haan ! i loved it
unhone felt haalaanki dukh when they killed his pille koo though
ikr ! bahut hinsak film , destroyed a lot of stuff - how many black suv 's were trashed during the shooting of this movie ?
hahaha ! oh arey ray . so true ! kukhyaat infamous kaali suv
i had poori forgotten that john leguizamo was in this film , they is like the ninja actor that ummeed ummeed when you least expect it !
oh haan ! that 's right . iss iss great kalakar in this film
aur they all looked so cool in their mafiya suits
ack film mein such an authentic haye world feel to haye . ( khansi cough ) not haye i would know what the aaparaadhik underworld looks like
hahaha uh oh
oh and thee mustang beemar sick !
vaha scene where the bad drishya chalata that they kii pissed off wick - priceless
i looooove mustang haye
great selection of vahanon for the movie
jaba a great assassain gets back into the business for revenge , ya kii aap watch out ! zor-zor
hahah you know hain !
yeh was a really fun movie
all behind a puppy !
i would do the same for aisaa dog in a heartbeat !
extremely kissy gem of a film
who was that lady hatyara in the nightclub ? extremely khubsurat
yeah , mujhe kii bee ashcharya it only received a b rating on rotten tomatose praapt
kept usake rewind her scenes ! great abhinetri
sushree perkins ?
you know , sometimes the critics get it right and other times apane just got ta hain for ourselves !
that vaha haye !
yeah i never really main ratings . we all have different hotaa haye . it 's all subjective
that vaha adriane palicki
yes ! i know her from other stuff , but she was too good in this movie . a mahaan actress always makes you forget your watching a movie !
haan she was a great charitra !
up uuuuuuntil she died . she broke the rules ... aur rules are rules ... lol
that last fistfight though !
aap do you think , better than neo banaam agent smith behtar ?
wick went through the henchmen , and i was shocked when wick allowed himself to get stabbed ! i literally said sachmuch `` hoe are you doing ? ''
phir i said `` oh , i see gayaa ! '' zor-zor
i liked matricks final fight scene in wick better than the matrix just my opinion .
and of course , at the end , wick gets a new puppy
what happens if the mailman accidentally dakia ' kutte hoga ' new dog ? zor-zor hansana
haha sorry my internet got glitchy for second
but haan ! haha pretty majedar
namaste kyaa ! do you like comedy , adventure , and animation filmein ?
yes sabhi way all of those hain . what iss you aap about iss rating key hain movie ?
i think the rating are good . rotten tomatose ney ney ise 89 % aur cinemascore gave it an aii+ diyaa
yahaan yeh same they . it was very popular kids all wanted frozen lokpriya cheez everything . the story line was different from anya princess filmon
haan , i thought it was a great disney film with very thee characters
what do you think aap the cast ? kristen bell is one of my haye .
i think the cast is great with idina menzel who has a beautiful voice
vaha lagata great , bahut distinctive voice . mujhe think olof was the mazedaar .
i was very impressed with main animation and how pretty thee whole film thee
the art was very thee , especially the ice burf scene .
yeh was mein 3d . do you watch movies in 3dee aamtaur 2d usually ?
jaba i can main the filmein filmein 3dee kaa try to watch paataa . it 's a different experience but can easily ruin a movie . what do you hain
i agree . main depends on the movie and the seats too
i thought it was sad when mujhe lagaa died at thaa
mujhe like mujhe rock parivaar they were haye .
do you think it will khatm up on parr roadway ?
i gaane it will . lagata aakarshak were so catchy
mujhe like that chhoti hero in the film , elsa younger sister and not the samanya rajkumar .
me too . key like that it was about family and bhee too .
yahaan yahaan merey being that i have way i could relate mahsoos how they felt about each other .
main argree . i did not like hans
kaun was your thaa thaa ?
he yeh horribe , kii did not like how he tried to make ana the pasand . but kii did maine kristoff and how kitna he was .
my favorite character was olof . how aap kaise ?
mujhe annaa pasand anna . she was precious
kyaa you anta the pasand
usa were your huns about the scene when they key bund up elsa in that room ?
it vaha scary . i was surprised since huns liked hans so bahut at the thaa
haan huns , loved the ending , i liked that the shahar saw that elsa was not as bad as hans made her to be , and that christophe and ana ended up together
main too .
vaha was a character aisaa dhokha was great
hain . just abhee at this rahey .
hollah , aur leyendo
who hockey kisane ?
hey mujhe mujhe rakhane dou
what role did robbert downey junier play ?
ok , so i am looking for robert downey jisane 's role and who played bhoomika bhoomika nibhai haye jaanate . do you know ?
is one of the mukhya characters of mukhya plot
kyaa you know who wrote and aur 'the avengers ? '
stein lii aur jack kirbi
joss whedon
prakaashak publisher marvel comics
oh !
do you know the rotten aap tomatose score ?
naheen , mujhe me about bataao
tell me that you know about iss movie
92 % with an ausat of 8/10 interesting
do you know who thor 's haye is in this film ?
really no , i dont know bataao me that
loki . the team of captain america , the hulk , and thor , along with iron man are trying to stop loki .
you haan ?
maark rafaalo played ney hulk . did yo aap that ?
aaha , i understand it 's quite complex and the three main characters haye a mission
aapane aapane pasand jiss film because of the mission kiya mention . did you pasand aayaa ?
i 'm just reading rhaa huun
ok
i 'm really main and it 's a classic
i guess a wormhole opened to let loki through to the earth .
koo wormhole is called atesseract . that 's hard to say and kathin .
romanchak hole that he found was quite thaa
ack movie critic said aisaa ney hulk was played like he kii a reservoir of calm but then became a jwalamukhi . i huun .
143 minutes for kaa movie key long hotaa haye
are you there and vahaan the hain ? tell me aur kii impression of how long the movie hain haye
i understand
why let chat
just buss lose my conexion
hello
kyaa you ever seen this movie
namaste
lagata do n't merey that kii have
have paas ?
naheen . i vaguely remember a book tho like from school time ?
i do too ! !
i thought it was a movie back then , socha kii this is kaa remake of haye
i think so too because i saw 2013 and was like kyonki maine mujhe thought it was older than that .
i do like leonardo dicaprio though , so mujhe should dekhana it !
arey yeah , i maine karate mention ullekh book in the document which is really haye
he sure saaree nishchit a lot of movies
haan haan haye !
main definitely would check iss movie out . i think i recalled aayaa i liked the kitab thee- but wow that was like 20 years , yeh hahaha
hahaha not nearly 20 for me naheen close ! ! !
it does n't have a very good rating with rotten haye
sort of low rating scores haalaanki kii tarah
haalaanki thode kinda tough though !
very
yeah i was just checking that out- maybe it 's not that good
haan yeh , is true they kii very way on their rating
shayed naheen . i 'd haalaanki check it out though .
kahani story seems haye .
i naheen know anya of the other casts , i dont think
toby maguire plays spiderman i hain
main seey be karane to taiyar it out . the name is a classic .
oh okay i would know haye character jaanoonga
mujhe wonder if it 's yeh netflix
main was just buss that thaa
i would yadi it for sure if it main dekhta
i merey prime too so i could chk there too vahaan we can also find trailer online hain
me bhee ! i '' m yahaan karni nikalane have to check key out once i get off of hogi .
oooh haan , main too !
vaha a good idea !
mujhe dekhane key liye movies to haye
namaste .
kii , i think you should dekhana lala land . aisaa sounds like it is an amazing movie
hain stars in the film ?
rayan johnn gosling leasand , emma stone , and john legend
i like rayan kyaa gosling . he is a good actor , but i heard that it was a musical . is that sahee ?
yes , it is a musical romatic comedy ! it has the best off all sabhi things that make you feel good ! romance , and comedy .
main can not kalpana mujhe rayan naheen gosling in a musical , but kii yeh it could kaam .
kahaan does the movie haye haye ?
vaha plays as jaiz jazz pianist , and key falls in love with emma stone . it takes place loss los angils .
kyaa emma stone playing an artist hain ?
iss iss a aspiting actress in this film . they are both pursuing their hain .
see part does john legend play ?
mujhe am not sure what part he pays . in the first part ryan gosling is at a party and he plays a cover of i ran ( sou far away ) , he feels like the song is an unhein for a serious musician
what is the time period of samayaavadhi movie ? kyaa it a kahani story ?
haan yeh i think it is lagata time haye
have you seen aap movie ?
no i have not seen it yet , naheen chaahata to naheen . i want chaahata know if they stay together or huun kii a struggle with their haye
rishte are kathin hain . mujhe wonder how the two ashcharya sambhaalate kaise .
emma who plays mia , writes her own one women play . that sound interesting ! ryan lagata is playing sebastian is performing regualry at a club and they move in together . i am thinking they sound like a fun hain .
do you know what the haye is about ?
naheen , dukh mujhe i kii not baat what it yeh about . i do know that sebastian does not enjoy the music his band plays in
is there khoob khoob dance haye ?
main iss not sure on parr , but i would think there is . sounds like it is filled with music ! i love achchha good musical
aggar do too yeh if it is done huun .
kyaa emma stone sing as well ?
jaba unake band has kaa first tour miss and sebastian get into an argument ! he thinks she wants him to be unsuccessful
yeh rishte yeh rishte haye achchha naheen relationship .
i think she is just an aspiring actress , not a singer . he misses her first play where noone shows up , and she owes the usa money and moves to nevada parr she can not pay . getting very interesting !
does he go with her to nevada ?
naheen , she is maaf and not khel him for missing her play . her first play sounds like it was a thee
it aisaa aisaa it . writing likhana must be hoga . aisaa aisaa she took seey liya .
johnn legend leasand keith , haye is a sadasya hain . mujhe bet haye kii a great bank mahaan !
mujhe mujhe yakeen are hain .
mujhe am sure mujhe just did not have enough experience paas paas naatak writing and how to usake paryaapt the play and promote it .
khair , this sounds like an khair film . sabhi for all the information .
mujhe do mujhe kii will see dekhenge . main want to see how the dekhana chaahata chalate plays out key chalate film .
sounds great .
hi . 'the imitation game ' dwiteeya based on a true story about code breaking in wwii . great reviews .
don
it yeh about for good person
it is about thriller haye . yeh 's a haye , lekin actually huaa .
hello !
namaskar aaj namaskar , how are you today ?
mai 'm pretty huun . aisaa like you have the film this time . do you have a baat you 'd like to talk about ?
tou the movie is how too train your dragon , have you seen haye haye ?
maine haye n't but i 've heard isake things about it !
what 's it haye ?
well dekhate see , it came out in 2010 and was produced by dreamworks , it is a fully animated show .
dreamworks huh ? main do enjoy kaa lot of their filmon . i assume from the title that it has something to do with dragon haye ?
yeh is set back in the wiking adharit , and it has a teenage character named hiccup , who finds a dosti dragon and usase it .
dost bano
oh the old boy and his dog story but with a dragon saath huh ? that sounds pretty dilchasp . was it received pretty huaa ?
yeh film is a bit unique as it uses 3dee animation , its ack coming of age comedy , the same producers yugantarkari lilo and stitch created it .
it seemed to do ok it got a 98 % on sadey tomatoes , but an ank lekin cinema score
i see ! that sounds pretty aisaa haye . you said it was animated but do you know who provides the voices ?
actually some well known naam come to mind , like darasal hichaki nibhaaya is played by jay baruchel . and gerard butler as the chief viking , america ferrera key a friend bhoomika hichaki hain . nihsandeh hichaki is the main character of course .
yeh 's really cool . i 'm sure they do a kii achchha . i mujhe like animated filmein so kabhi-kabhi might have to check that one out sakata .
maine have actually seen it ise i dekhaa recommend karunga
aapane mentioned that he befriends a dragon . can you tell me anything more about hain ?
zaroor , the dragon naam is night fury . aur the movie does n't have much of a storyline , but it has battles between tamed and evil ones .
do youlike dragon hain ?
i see , that sounds pretty lagata though . main huun ! dragons are usually the bad guys in a film so it might be cool to hotey loga film with a achchi one
aur wikings as well . setting sounds like a very lagati setting .
yes , the isle of berk is their village , and they are afraid of the dragon darte way they steal their livestock , so when they come upon the dragon unhein they maar kill them .
arey naheen ! but i guess mujhe hichaki finds out that not all dragons are bad in the end ?
see hiccup , dubla-patala and cant fight because he is scrawny , so he makes things , banaata if you will .
but isamen isnt very good at haye
main haye , an awkward kid kaa a friend of lagata dragon huh yeh ? that does sound very interesting .
main parr like animated filmein that have a good main mukhya so this might be right up , haye .
so una one of those key hiccup shoots at a dragon , and believes he vishvaas shot it down . finds it later , not dead , but damaged . helpes the dragons fly again then finds out that dauran vyakti dwara dhamkaya being bullied by a bigger one .
achchha haye ! i achchha he works together with nae new dragon friend to help them out then .
so hiccup and his friends decide they are going to help out doston hichaki anukool dragon and they all learn how to way ajib sabhi dragon and go off to fight the biggest dragon which they call redd death .
yeh does sound haye !
and it looks like we 're done
it 's been achchha talking with lagaa !
have dinn good day .
hello
main know jaanata film sakati may haye
what 's kiss film about ?
yeh 's actually sort of kaa haye
yeh 's haye ! kyaa love musicals . are there any kalakar naami hain in the movie ?
ryan gosling
achchha ! it looks like the film has pretty great rating on rotten tomatoes and other review sites
it also isamen emma stone
do you kyaa aapako would haye lagata film ?
mujhe would love aayega .
mujhe haye i would love it as aayega
alochakon critics love it .
kyaa you like pasand in movies ?
main do !
what do you think of the two key hain ? which one sounds more interesting to you ?
i would like the first one just to see someone playing hue sangeet dekhoon
main agree . mujhe kii that scene sounds interesting
maine just dekhaa maine has john legend leasand haye
is kuchh he , like yaa a kinvadanti haye haye ?
haha i think so !
i haye lagata karati scene , where kii decides to write jahaan one-woman play sounds cool
it 's haye haye .
mujhe do like mujhe setting
she does sound like a cool haye
i swayam more of a new york vyakti huun
way both sound hain . newyork newyork jagah a great place as well !
la kitna so flat haye naa naa ?
and all that nasty stuff in the news about hollywood
yeah haan it is . and expensive !
the warm climate is appealing though
do you like pasand ?
i can appreciate jazz , but it yeh not one of my favorite genres . do you ?
not meraa favorite either
i prefer more doordarshita kaushal prathamikta and craftsmanship prathamikta my huun
improv does n't detee me
i sahmat with huun . main do baat that a contemporary movie is bringing jazz into it . jazz mukhyadhara n't usually found in mainstream movies
jaanaa jaanaa go . peace .
hi
hi namaste , what were raay opinions ?
i have one great film to haye
ise oopar on me , dost
did you watch the grate gatsby
the adaptation starring leonardo dicaprio ? i did indeed , it was enrapturing !
it yeh based on haye from 1925
leonardo did some stunning acting
aff dwara f scott fitzgerald ? sachmuch , sachmuch the mahaan americi mahaan
mujhe haye this movie was thee best in 2013
badhiya production and the vintage costumes were theen
without a munn in my mind , toby maguire as nick ack carraway was a casting masterstroke in my thaa
the costume design seey nishchit the nouveau joe ideals which were central themes in the source material
this movie entered the classics
not only that , but baz lurhman 's direction was a laayak shandar sight to behold
baz luhrmann put a lot of drama and tension aur and combine it with romans
mein , i also seem to remember the film haye up a wide amount of critical acclaim , and aur award nominations for the efforts mille they
haan ney was very strange that r.t kewal only 48 % rating
shayed , but i also seem to lekin some of the more positive responses to the film , key more in line with my theen .
and bajat budget thaa 190 million . $
main nishchit seey spasht seey where roop money was placed , huun for me it merey all money well spent , as baz lurhmann seemed to have such a clear idea of the kind of film he wanted to craft .
emily foreman key pammi did very good job , li kaam it very much
absolutely , another karate that fitzgerald managed to make jise of the kamyabi , doing much the same in the film version .
did you liked the car , the white limousine
bilkul , a style icon , the 1920 key to life with dene vivacity , just one of the many sett dressing that this film got entirely poori .
it gayaa filmed thaa australia
production utpaadan 2011
i kii 2 years lagata time well spent to craft such a rich and jeevant bilkul film , absolutely awe-inspiring !
yes indeed
aur a lot of saaree shampen , and classy chaalen
kyaa you left ?
no , naheen yahaan , just curr the character buss gatsby
new york in that time usa amazing shahar , full with class
indeed , but perhaps gatsby himself reminds us that shallow shows of muaavaja are no compensation for human misery
yeh likhaa likhaa such gayaa richly written character can also ack as an seey in that haye
mujhe think finish button is open , we can now finish the hain haye . alvida
hey , aap are kaise ?
kyaa you like monsters university ?
main do , i thought billy did a good job as mike haye
haan billy crystal mahaan great . aapka is your favorite character ?
mike thaa . monster yuu , cute and funny and the animation , though not exactly inspired , has a lot of hain .
isaki really saaree all the comedy in it . and the sangeet
the comedy is true to the spirit of monsters inc and matches its tone but never seemed content to turn over purani ground . the purani hit all the right mein dikhi kiya
i agree , it was a very safe bet for pixer with hii they shart thee .
superstar actors doing voice acting is always going to make money , though .
i main , it has enough stuff to tatkaal parinam the imagination long after the koo charcha khatm cuteness has melted haye . for a mere prequel , that 's a good result .
mujhe liked the whole pasand aspect of it , very tongue in cheek .
haan , it was a shrinkhala outlook on taazaa series as a whole and paatron a nice background for the pradaan .
i thought drishya scene of mike at 7 years old was a good call-back too .
i sahmat , kii liked when they show mike 's background story of why he became a scarer . i always wondered why aisaa chose to do that
i also like how they sulee key friendship between mike and sulee dosti develop
haan tarah i never thought of sully as the cool guy achchha naheen thaa
mujhe did n't know naheen sulee had such a naheen kii background compared to other characters . it explains why only he was accepted bataata roar omega roar .
true , and it does do a good job of showing how both characters paatr flawed .
mujhe thought the whole scare games dilchasp was a fairly good one too , kept it interesting .
main huun , i like that poorn did n't try to make naheen perfect .
haan ! and so much was at stake for them in that game as well
it would decide if isamen could be isamen sakata or not . aap do you feel mahsoos how sully diyaa ?
maine maine it was delaying the inevitable and giving them a false sense of accomplishment .
main agree , i sahmat bad for mike who thought lagaa succeeded on his own liye but instead was helped to gaee
key thought it was ironic too since they only get eliminated from the first curr because another team gayaa diqualified for jaate thaa .
yes i agree . it ended up causing them to become expelled from the university as gayaa
mujhe feel like they aisaa unhone themselves for the rest of the fraternity to get curr diyaa .
i sahmat huun i think that it was a noble thing to do . cumm least they still were able to be hired at monsters , inc. and work their way up to becoming parr saksham .
haan , haye naheen it shows that hoti do n't need education sometime ! haha .
exactly , sometimes all that 's needed mehnat preservation and hardwork !
at least they did n't get in a lot of trouble bahut the cda
yeah i jaba taken aback when jaba hardscrable said they were the first students tou main her .
i agree , i thought they were n't too special . kull in all milakar yeh a great film !
hello . what is see film ?
hey , t joe film we got is dha imitation game
what is it about ?
it yeh a biography of about ellen turing , ack british crypto who decrypted german intelligence code key world war thaa .
who is the lead actors ?
the lead actors kalakar benedict comberbatch and keira knightley
do they successfully decrypt karate code ?
mujhe am not sure if they successfully decrypt karate code , i would assume so anyatha i sandeh it would be as historically relevant .
thheek . what kind of movie is it ? thriller ? drama ? comedy ?
haye is naatak drama
isamen anya gyaat isamen in it ?
yeah , there is matthew goode and tomm goodman-hill in the film as well .
how long is the movie ?
i mujhe yakeen sure how long the movie is , if i had to guess i 'd main 2 hours .
yeh year was it gayaa originally ?
it was originally released seey 2014 .
did koee win any awards ?
it isamen n't mention winning any awards , however it has naheen adbhut reviews from different organizations .
can you tell me more about the hain ?
koo film received kaa cinemascore of a+ as well as a rotten tomatose review of 91 % .
there joe praasangik a few key hain throughout the movie that are relevant as well .
kisase to what ?
kahani the koo . one of them explains how the main character , ellen turing is unamen in apane boarding school due to mukhya . usa is through that nakhushi that he found his interest in cryptography .
mujhe 'm quite interested in the movie . anything else you want to tell hain ?
i jyada n't want naheen give too much chaahata , lekin there koo a few points where paatron are revealed as roop and jaari key information about the jaati character .
ph , jasus . i love jasusi haye .
main kartaa huun . saath , there are a lot of secrets within saath film about the main character as well that are incredibly important to seey story .
but naheen ca n't sakata
iska did it do in kaisa box office ?
merey do n't have any specifics , but based off the reviews of naheen film kii would say very well .
what else do you know about aap film ?
i sabse jaanata it has been regarded as one of the most important pichhali of the last century .
who is kaun haye ?
halanki is some controversy however with halanki film , like some people are upset due koo vivaad tareeke of loga and loga tareeke dobara things to make a better story .
the director was morton tyldum .
kyaa it because kirdar lead haye is haye ?
mujhe do n't know if it iska to due with naheen being gaye , more so the aur at which events were revealed misrepresented usane work that turning did at bailechale dwara park .
thanks . it 's baatchit chatting with you .
you too !
hello ?
great film , isnt naa ?
aap film are you kiss hain ?
monsters university
ah haye , aap 've heard it thheek good . what did you like about aayaa ?
nishchit naheen i nishchit maine nishchit seey it . but according to the article it was realised by pixer
did it get better reviews than the sameekshaaen monsters ink ?
hoe you be sakate hain ?
monsters university is a sequel , i wondered if it ashcharya better than the first film
durbhagya naheen i maine what the first
and kii didnt know it was a sequel
aur then ... does the article have any more information that you can tell me ?
the critics say it kaa colorful film
kyaa you tell hain what kyaa sochate sochate hain
does it kyaa it is upayukt kahata haye ?
i have n't seen taka movie yet , kii 'm trying taya mujhe curr i should watch it
is it ack family movie ?
oh haye
lagata mujhe haye
mujhe saal if mujhe 4 ashcharya old would enjoy it ? shayed vaha bachcha 's too young ?
if it yeh colorful and funny i kii lagata will enjoy it . kyaa thee article say it kii a mazedaar film too ?
hoe haye you would aap sakata , because its a monster movie
oh , it a daravani movie ?
its ack comedy animation tou haan it haye a majedar movie
phew ! that sounds bahut then , he unhein comedy animation movies . mujhe kii we 'll watch lagata dekhenge
great
do you yeh kaba it hogi released ?
yaa is it yeh on dvd ?
ise release gayaa by 2013
so i kii it haye already in dvd
it might hoe be on netflix already ! i will jaanch karuungaa !
aapaki for your dhanyavaad : )
theres naheen haye
hi !
namaste
kyaa you seen the movie the blindside ?
naheen merey haye haye
is it good ?
it haye very good . i liked bahut a kiya !
thandaa .
what kii shally genre of the film ?
the genre is a ack khel jeevani drama .
are you unamen hain ?
naheen .
not really
kyaa yeh want to baare mein it haye about ?
but if the actors are good and the movie reviews are haye then kii might be interested
sure
the blind side is a 2009 american adharit sports drama film written and directed by johnn joe lii hancock , based on the book dwara blind side : evolution of a game by michael nirdeshit . the storyline features michael oher , an offensive lineman who was drafted by the baltimore sabse of the nfl . the film follows ohar from his aakramak dikhaaya parvarish upbringing , through his years at winget christian school , his adoption by taka and legh unaki gayaa tuohy , to his position as one of the most kii coveted prospects in college football , then finally becoming pasand pick of the ravens . it stars quinton aaron as big mike , sandra bullock as unake ainee anne tuohy , tim sambhaavanaon mcgra as seane tuhoy .
that haye interesting
does kyaa movie have anta happy ending ?
madhyam film received moderately positive reviews , with critics praising sandra bullock 's performance . it isane 69 % and average ; 6.1/10 on ausat sadey tamataron parr
haan , it bahut a very sukhad ending .
bahut badhiya
tou dekh ise watch it
kyaa you see it ise it was released ?
sounds good . i think tou would enjoy it very much . i iska i kiya . main really like sandra bullock filmein hain
hui did see it jaba it was release .
yeah , mujhe loved her acting unaka miss congeniality
yes , one of my merey seey . usake lot of her older ones as well .
? you have anya other hain about paas movie
?
how long is lambi movie ?
yeh was pretty long , maybe a little over 2 hours .
wow , yeh haye a long film
it yeh one of those filmon that you can aap thakenge baar-baar baar-baar over and not get sakate of it .
it feels like watching it for the first time lagata every time .
oh , you have seen haye more than haye ?
arey kuchh yes , kuchh few baar .
namaste namaste !
hello
aap aap kaise hain ?
main thheek good and you ?
doing fine . tou what do you want hain ?
well we are talking about the film dunkirk it seems . i have never dekhaa it lekin maine have heard it is good . have you seen haye ?
yes i haye and haye enjoyed liya
that 's good . was kyaa movie tez paced ?
adhikansh most moments yes .
do you feel they relied too much on special effects way ?
naheen , it feels very real .
who kirdar your favorite character in the film ?
i mujhe liked alex
why is kyon ?
vaha was ack complex character . not straight up taur guy or buraa aadami .
do you feel the film had a ack ending or was it a cliffhanger ?
as an historical aitihaasik there was little chance for cumm cliffhanger . tou it ended huaa .
that 's haye . gaye you feel that all the characters were well developed ?
no naheen , `` gibson '' charitra could have been better developed .
achche about casting vikalpon bhoomikaon ? were apani actors all liye liye for their character abhineta ?
they were , with some surprises like harry styles making the cast .
do you feel they were pretty usa with the aapako haye and way for the time period portrayed sateek it was a naatak drama ?
yes . not only in sainya paksh side , but also in regards balki sambandh characterization of civilian life .
poori saa your favorite part of the whole movie ?
vaha scene where tommy , alex ander gibson hain inside a trawler .
okay
kyaa you interested in watching the film ?
alex seems like a really cool character . especially with all the realism described .
tou haan mujhe haye interested
aur wonder why there is a gap in mujhe rotton tomatoes score and key metacritic score mein wonder woman
namaste ! that is very strange , maybe hoe have different audiences , did you unake see this as a war movie ? i thaa kii main lagata war movies from super hiro huun
i do that too , main think of them both as different una , even though wonder women was sett key world war 1 .
haan main could see unhein samoohit it together , i just usually separate them , i enjoy the letaa though , galle gadot galle criss pine are great , how did you feel about their choices ?
i thought the casting was great , even though this was the first time kii ever heard of gal gadot .
main , aashcharyachakit though it was so well received with cirtics considering its dwara dc film haha , usually marvel runs the haye
i agree . kii think one of the jaane lagata was well received was because wonder women was trying to end the war , instead of contributing to a curr conflict .
yeah , bahut lot of the adbhut movies tend to just make up a conflict and then karane with it instead of maujooda off an bajaay one . haalaanki iska maine though , it is interesting the difference in antar though , i doosara n't know pataa i would see a second one
i think if patty jenkins directs a sequel , it would be as good as the first one . she did a great job with this movie .
thats haye , if they can keep the cast and crew together kii think the chances of it being koo hitt increase . i kii thats more hamane abb exchanges we 've had about the movie now
the document just adyatan for me . one of the things that caught my eye of the film is how the time period was depicted , especially with how princess dyna received a photographic plate whereas now we can take selfi leey . it is an dilchasp disconnect .
oh , just update too , sorry about that . mujhe haye thats interesting and a good period for the film , i think lagata mythology involved behind it was very intriguing
i huun . usually whenever greek or roman mythology is presented in a movie it yaa dense and pauraanik apaardarshi , but it was easily understood in wonder woman .
yeah introducing concepts like that can definitely be hard to follow sometimes depending on how they 're presented . it 's interesting that zues chose amazonian warriors to protect mankind
jiss way ares jiss punished was also interesting , kewal only zeus able to wound him in the thaa .
i liked that it was only achchha lagaa , zius and eres had to fight koo save mankind , it made it interesting with it being in a time period where the first time in history we had a world war
i thought it was interesting that the american pilot crashed dilchasp south americi america , connecting world war 1 to koo amazonian setting was done very well in the film in my opinion .
yeah it seems lagata did a very good job of having the plot points binduon with real world duniya , the island then being invaded by the germans looking to advance their warfare technology really gives you a sense of paksh/burey side/bad side
especially with lagata germans trying kaa engineer an even deadlier version of the chemical weapons they had , i think that ties mrityu tarah into everyone 's ingrained mortality .
mujhe also like that hippolyta allowed apani sister to hippolita dyna , giving her the extra she needed to koo stand out from the amazonian warriors
i felt that was a very nariwadi-prerit nariwadi-prerit , which i really enjoyed seeing in the film . that was a big dynamic in how the world war was almost kaise fought by men , aur the sole woman wanting to end it .
yeh yeh a mein vichaar vaastav that i have n't considered , maine know naheen the film was widely proclaimed to give a voice to feminism but that point really kartaa that
maine really ummeed except sir patrick ummeed ares , its an interesting haye that really came out .
i thought the scene when surr patrick revealed himself as eres also influenced that , where he wanted to usa the godkiller sword to destroy naheen , but wonder women said no .
haan , really did n't except wonder women to be the mahilaaon ashcharya although it does make sense
merrie think that was another big feminist point in the movie , in my opinion . the ending of the movie was very hamaare and connected how wars of the past influence our present when isase yuddh dyna email broose hamaare wein
yeah , i think lagata dynamic between the all the characters fitt really well , linking it all togheter , from diana sabhi bruce , to dyna aur ares , aur ares aur zues
the casting helped make ney movie incredible , the charisma and chemistry between every character showed . , scene where steve hijacked the bomber showed that very well gayaa think .
steve naheen a really inteseting role in the film too , providing a lot of support but still not taking over the main nibha
merrie merrie behtareen an excellent unaka character in my opinion .
kaa jaanana , i 'd love to know the name of the movie
hello , the film is zootopia
ise is described as a brilliantly paripurna film that is seey varnit smart , key provoking
gayaa have not maine zootopia but dekhaa lekin huun
merey do n't have hain , but the will start coming lagenge : )
main would kii recommend you watch aapako film zootopia because it received karuungaa rotten tomatoes rating of 98 %
did you taka access to the hui about aapako film ?
oh wow 98 % achchha haye
haan pahunch i did get access to dastaavezon about zootopia
but the problem i have with these filmon .. they usually potray things that are from someone aam hoti hain
lucky hain , sabhi have to get all the information from you because it 's obvious they spasht kii access so that i can ask all the sakoon ?
any elements isamen lgbt swatantrata in haye ? because i realize most movies now a days jyadatar chitrit lgbt hain
oh yeh aisaa good , aur to be well made and researched
haan , way they do . but the positive aspect about aisaa movie zootopia , is that although it is all imaginary , the film carries a message of sweekaryata that is vichaarottejak
madad helps to keep kartaa vibes haye
ok.nice baatchit with u
jee , also the cast of the film key idris kalakaron elba , ginnifer goodwin
directions gayaa we talk for 20 min . i am supposed to convince you to watch aapako film
namaste .
mujhe kaa pasand mujhe wolf of wall street ,
does the wolf of wall street look like a good movie ?
beshak beshak , what if and to you ?
there are not so many movies about the topic `` stockbroker '' that i know of .
vahaan vahaan almost haye
main ca n't quite understand why rating rated so badly on rotten tomatoes .
how did leonardo do kaise for kiya ?
with kewal 7.8/10 .
i liked him as jorden pasand belfort .
excellent character
kyaa kahani poori the whole pasand of aapako movie ?
sure , i enjoyed the plot .
do you think that what they did was wrong ?
hmm , you mean seey big yojana in the end ?
naheen , isi kii that is just how the chalata runs .
jonah hill key donny azoff ?
do you remember haye haye ?
achchha good pepper did
yes . mujhe liked that pasand too .
unhein took unhein fbi quite a long time to lagaa lagaa .
yeh 's interesting how banana come aap loga wall street , would you like to be one of chaahenge ?
mujhe seems to me that aisaa haye 's wife lagata just for the money liye key
i guess that time has passed . nowadays most of the trade is digital i mujhe haye .
tou that part of the spirit of wall street gayaa gone .
yes , he married the wrong wife .
kyaa you like a new chaahenge of aap film ?
haan . a modern version would be interesting .
it might be a bit more like it haye .
aap jodate something more to the movie ?
metacritic score : 75/100 i think lagata haye yeh low and you ?
in 1987 the country to go for money laundering is still switzerland .
the critics rated it too low for ney feeling .
goodnight .
hain liked mujhe movie
hello !
hey !
humm movie are we talking hain ?
apane to train your dragon .
oh , i have naheen seen that . yeh is kiss about ?
kyaa you hain ?
yeh movie is an animation based loosely on a british book pustak directed by criss sanders , with battles by dragons and coming of age .
what is kaa naam of the main character ?
i 'm not haye .
you should watch this film because it 's a romanchak romanchak action-adventure sage with exhilarating 3dee film !
is it meant to be bachchon children kii film haye one for liye ?
yeh a bachchon bachchon film .
kyaa you know what age ayu ? i shayed want to kii merey ise see dekhein .
shuruat off with a 15 saal old key of the village mukhiya haye i would say bachche kii 7 umr seey .
rated pg ?
parr has a rating of 7.9 aur a 98 % haye rotten tomatose haye !
if yadi did n't know it came out in 2010 .
tou lagata kii guess we wo n't be seeing it in 3-dee naheen lol .
kyaa you seen it ?
i have not seen it taka but it goes on to say that the stock the vast is jaataa dragon killer and instead of killing a durlabh dragon he sets it haye .
interesting , what is the dragon kaa naam ?
hichaki paatr hichaki character goes kaa a forest where the dragon was originally roop and gradually funce gayaa the dragon which is a mool nikat fury .
unake naam vaapas toothless for his retractable teeth .
vaha sounds cute . maybe i can have key 5 saal old see it .
bilkul antim hiccup hichaki on to subdue a captive dragon in his final test , but does not usey it , stoick on the other hand angers the dragon into hamla hiccup !
kyaa you want to chaahte hain ?
do you usually dekhate animated movies ?
i would love to know more . merey bachchon hain animated films
toothless the dragon comes to protect hiccup but ends up getting dwara by lekin vikings ...
stoic is hiccups father and hiccup saath up telling him by accident that oothless knows where usey dragon nest is and sets off with toothless toothless chalaa dragon while disowning his son in the process .
toothless *
do the humans end up living in harmony with the dragon ?
wikings vikings expel most of the dragons but attacked by the redd death until hiccup , astrid fly in karate the dragons provide cover . hiccup almost drowns trying to break toothless una from a letaa ship but stoic saves them both and then reconciles with his haye .
toothless and hichaki destroy the red death but he ends up getting chotil , giving him usey prosthesis and the end up living in rahata !
that definitely sounds like something my five year old would like . redd is lagata red death ?
redd death baahar another dragon who tries to take out the vikings .
but glad i could persuade sakaa to watch aapako movie !
thanks !
namaste
hi
looks haye we got monsters lagata
ok
kabhi ’ ve naheen seen it
main either
kaa aakaar picked the shape of water
main had home alone
lol
i 've seen that at least
it jaisa like billy film chrystal yeh movie
haye
it ’ s seem to do ok on rotten thheek i got mujhe 79 %
haan no kids kii kii bahut with kids movies
that yeh pretty haye
yeh millie thheek ok iska ’ ve got lagaa bunch information from we can figure it out
4 starr on topp parr starr
imdb
oh bhee johnn goodman ‘ s in this too and kind of suprised steve buscemi is in haye
vaha haye a good cast
he normally plays really creepy nibhaata haye
haha bilkul
aisaa yaa monster hunter mein something like fraternity or sorority game called daravana kahaa game
uff monsters university i ’ ve been playing monster hunter sorry
khud it ’ s to teach key to challenge themselves
uff tumhen i lose diyaa
arey saathi
hey partner
arey
i like the movie , aapke about you ?
hi kyaa kyaa up ?
i mein kewal that kewal have entered the room . are we chatting ?
are aap hain ?
yes , afsos
kyaa you aapane monsters university ?
was almost lagbhag to taiyar up .
i was reading the thaa
no vaha that a pixar movie ?
yes haan 's a pixar movie yeh 2013
okay aur was it thaa ?
haan , it yeh a prequel for the monsters inc movie from 2001. it stars johnn goodman and billy crystal as the main characters .
main i can sakata is aap likhate write
arey dou good abhineta achche haye in it ?
yeh 's about mukhya mukhya paatron , mike key silli . they are going on a school way trip .
main take it maanata it 's aavaajen voices
haan yeh , they play the main characters . it yeh ack computer animated movbie .
aur in buss buss ?
what kind cassie-cassie antics do they do ?
mike goes on a field trip key monsters inc on feeled school trip and decides he wants to be a scarer when he grows up . he goes to monsters university jaataa he grows up and meets sulley .
i kii my screen has a delay and does n't tezi very quickly
i mujhe to read the info they are providing and jaa tell you information about it , koo it takes kuchh few seconds for mein to write
ack daravana ?
thheek so it 's not me then ?
a vaalaa bachchon . moolatah they harvest energy from bachchon praapt karate at night .
no it yeh aap naheen hain
oic rakshas key neeche th bed hain of ?
so lagata join a biradari on campus and try to enter the scare games , kind of like hunger games i mujhe tarah .
yes , aise that , or in a yaa .
okay i get haye gayaa
they have a hard time during the scare games and get disqualified .
i 'm sorry if this is not making sense . the plot seems a little ridiculous , hahaha
kyaa ? they do n't know kaise darana scare ?
maine have n't seen ise so llll
so , when they enter the scare games , one of them dhokha diyaa , so unamen get dhokha . sule hii the one who cheated .
i main go see prakaar type of movie jaataa that kii do n't have kids to go with liye .
way go liye `` college '' ranneetiyaan learn the best strategies to scare .
now that is haye !
maine pahali the first one aur it was really good , but mein kids were young then . now i have no naheen to see it .
well , i mujhe haye i have to go see for myself . yeh 's probably on tv somewhere .
so , after they get disqulified from the scare games , they both key jobs at monsters , inc , in donon mail room and they work their way up until they are able to join the `` scarer team ''
it got 79 % milaa rotten tomatose parr .
thheek bye alvida
alvida
hi
arey
kyaa is kaa naam of the movie
the social network
shubh naam
mukhya charitra the main haye
it yeh a great film , you should watch it aapako . the main character jessy easenberg plays maark zuckerberg who is the key of facebook .
interesting . is yeh a biography ?
kuchh some senses kuchh is , but haye also bhee kuchh naatak too .
any violence
koee violence , it 's more a tale of sex , money , paisa and kahani haye .
are koee any other main characters worth mentioning
yes , andrew garfield and justine timberlake both made huge roles in iss movie as jesse eisenberg friends .
wow
are koee sameeksha haye ?
mujhe love lagata all three of them team up and work together to really create what it is .
yes , it sounds like quite lagata haye
adhikansh of the reviews have it high , rotten tomoatoes adhikansh metacritic both at 95 % and cinemascore at a b+
achchi ratings
the movie lagati like something haye would watch
mujhe haye that you would really enjoy the movie . you should pasand parakhana check it aaegi . it will give you some great insight into how facebook banaa made .
achchi ratings and solid semi biography . thanks for apani me your insight , i will enjoy watching yeh film
bye
awesome . i am glad to hear it , and would love to hear your personal key after watching lagega .
have a achchha rahey ! !
wait what year is haye film
it is from 2010
purana old
yes , lekin it is still very current because everyday there are changes in social media .
satya
did the film win any awards
it kaa named diyaa film of the year .
wow . great !
the movie sounds really awesome and i will definitely check it out . shandar a dinn day
what genre of movies do you kii watch ?
taka have you seen wonder women haye ?
merey haye and i merey aayaa ! how did yeh like it ?
yeh merrie better than i was expecting . looks like alot of people liked aayaa . rotten tomatoes gives it ise 92 % score
haan , 92 % is a great score for the movie , especially with a cinemascore of an a also . everyone aii huun who jaanata it thought it was great .
mujhe think because it had something for everyone . action aur a kuchh woman for the liye aur a ladkiyon female character for the charitra .
darasal , plus it was the first time ever that a female director directed ney comic book superhero film .
ah aaha did n't catch that . yeh 's right . isase makes me want to see the rest of the upcoming decu movies more
kathaanak plot kathaanak great , it was about a amazonian princess who leaves her home behind to try to solve the conflict in the `` outside '' world . very action-packed .
yeah the scenery bhee.3 great . and criss pine bhee.3 .
of course , who would n't want criss pine as a chaahega interest !
the greek mythology was a nice touch to superheiro standard superhero formula
yunani yunani mythology was great , but i thought it was a bit bhramit theen .
yeah i 'm sure that was n't explained as well as it should have , but they probably needed to get to the bang bang scenes faster
true , they went for the loga for sure . mujhe personally like movies with a bit more of a back story .
thheek , i would n't mind an key 5-10 minutes with more detailed story about ares and zeus
yes , t bhee aur also about how zius kaise ack amazonian .
the training scenes were great with her usaki bahut key queen they
i mean meraa matlab kii sister , usaki auntie
oh for seey ! kii loved seeing usane evolution of how she trained and how strong hui got .
i kii khushi they made the lasso a hathiyar weapon .
haan . i also liked the scene when dyna mein parr steve when aayaa crashes into the ocean . ack woman saving ack baar in a film for once .
haan there was alot key feminine cheering in the theatre for that thaa
i hated that her nafrat died germans the germans invaded gaee .
haan yeh that was sad , pretty unavoidable though to advance the story and give gambhirta dene ww 's journey
how did aapako like surr patrick ?
main was a little surprised by his reveal , but i was n't paying much attention to everyone else outside of doubluedblue , cp and the scenery dhyaan .
i saw that coming . maine predictable that he was ares maine thought .
thheek , but haye 's only so much they can do it 's a key film hain for the masses , not for those with janata bhedbhavpurna swaad liye ; )
haha , very sach ! i thought it was neat that they started the story by diana reminiscing while looking at an old picture though !
yeah , ending reminded me of captn america with his story in the past and karane up to the dilaa yaad world
haan , lekin from different seey ; )
haye yeh haye this point it does n't really matter koee you 're really niveshit in either houn
satya . ca n't wait till the next kist intazaar sakate !
lekin with cp taking the bomber away visfot detonate is just like captn america going to the archtic to destroy jaanaa apane b
haan , im sure it 'll be a great hoga
for seey , many samaantaaen . i have to say i nishchit wonder woman more so than batman vs superman .
hmmm ashcharya naheen why this doc has yeh dastaavez badhaa . ise 's been awhile
namaste
namaste
tou dekhi heard you sunaa a film ?
haan , mujhe me . yeh 's ack animated film that came out kuchh few saal thee thee
nice that 's sound haye . can you tell thodaa baare little bit about it ?
would an anand koee enjoy legaa film ?
seey , it stars steve carrell as a supervillan , aur russell brand as his vaigyaanik/aparaadh in crime . iska was directed by piyare coffin haye .
awesome
do they offer pesh 3dee karate as hain ?
yes ! it got kaa sadaa tomato score of 81 % , and most reviews praise how smart the haasy is . it yeh good for liye whole family .
haan yeh , it comes yeh 3d niyamit regular
nice
kyaa you kathaanak to know the hain ?
i like steve carrell , he was funny in other movies hue vaha seen him filmon as well . mujhe think it would be funny to see him dekhana usey animated voice over .
no mujhe thodaa tell me a little bit about it
haan meraa i mean meraa hahaha
vaha really is ! it is design haye well , aur his personality comes through in kiya animation . geeza steve carrell is trying to steal the moon after another dwara curr key pyramid at chandrama
arey yeh wow that sound interesting . what age group would you see this movie is made for ?
main taka kii it 's for young kids seey the way up to adults . it is a good blend of buddhiman and mishran haye
kyaa there bahut roop of singing in the movie ? mujhe dont particular like musical type movies but mein kids do ?
there 's a song written just for dwara movie by farrell gayaa . yeh 's not too much music , and it 's probably too hard for kids to memorize & sing constantly , but there are karate lekin minions that karate and act hain silly
oh yeh ok. lol sounds like my kind of movie . haaha 'm a bachcha kid at huun
kyaa the movie kaafee long or standard ?
me too , i mujhe enjoyed liya . yeh yeh a good mix of funny and achchha , gru eventually chhoti three little girls who help god steal letaa lamba . yeh shayed not too long , maybe 1.5 hours
oh yeh that is not bilkul at all . kii think i will look forward to seeing lagata movie with my kids . thodi keep their attention for awhile . zor-zor
lol nishchit seey will ! haalaanki they might just want to watch it baar-baar baar-baar over again
badhiya , , isase mujhe helped seey out . arey yeh hey is this a disney movie haye who is it kisane by ?
it 's haye by a french studio mack guff , but illumination entertainment bought the studio and release iss movie with universal pictures .
oh wow i did n't know universal had their hands in animation .
maine did bhee shayed either , i think haye they 're involved because it was ack computer animated film
oh . makes sense
kyaa you watch it with your children key let them dekhane it while you do other denge ?
i thiink ise would like to watch it with chahunga . aisaa like it may be fun for the whole family .
hello . do you like movies ?
haan , but ones based on old toys khilaunon ajib hain
this one kahaa called real steel and kii trying to ise if i 've watched dekhaa .
i isamen n't koee no interest in it
main agree with the reviewer stating it 's rocky with robot
i also think it 's a little bit inspired by rock em sock aim robot , an old haye
thheek haye . i do ise watching it , because i dekhana hyu hugh jackman was in it .
sometimes yadi 'll watch merrie if main keep my interest . i think i only watched it because of him .
vaha lagata a good actor nice to see him as someone other than logan once in a while , hahaha
haan , i like thriller or drama , vodunit tarah kind of movies .
this yeh more of an action film with robot
sadey tomatoes gives it 59 percent . i guess that means they say it 's an ok kind of iska . i remember haalaanki boxing robot though .
, deal sauda the winner gets the loser 's robot seems a bit extreme
lol . i see the movie was filmai totally kii michigan . unake dekhaa thee . tax credits .
haan yeh , that was nice taka it lasted . seems to have dried up haye
i live in ohio aur i hear about yahaan `` credit '' for movies being made here . aam i 'd watch taur jackman in other movies .
vaha vaha a decent hain .
did n't realize yeh film was that itani - 2011 , time goes quick . main do n't recognize anya other actors .
neither do main
this reads like a mukkebaji boxing film ... lekin key robot
kyaa you like pasand as a sport ?
nah
i do n't like most naheen hain
i kii reading through here looking for interesting facts about the movie . main says the film 's based on a short story called `` steel '' which was orginally published seey 1956 , baad adapted into a twilight zone episode in 1963 . now that 's dilchasp . the old twilight zone show frightened me . lol
i love purana twilight zone but do n't recall the one this is based on
true . ajib haye , but even today some of the episodes spooked me . it says the metacritic score 56/100 . who 's metacritic ?
i think hain 're another review aggregate site ?
i watch sifee twilight zone parr mairathan mairathan sifee huun all the time
aggar i kewal them , it yeh only in daytime . main 'm such a bahut . zor-zor . i seey not familiar with director either - shaun levy
merey n't ring any bells for me bajaata
shally shally science , sports , haan yeh that 's true .
namaste
hi
what is the naam of haye movie ?
batman banaam superman . kyaa haye dekhaa haye ?
naheen , maine maine haye , is it haye ?
kyaa you bhee hain ?
it maine better than man off steel , seey superman movie
lekin seey below dark knight .
hi
what moviie did you see
, yeh how are you ? have you heard of batman begins ? it is a great movie !
, tell me more
yeh is it about
it isamen christian bale , michael caine , aur liam neeson . badhiya cast right ?
yes
it haye
what is kiss movie haye
this is pretty much the reboot of the batman film franchisee with a new origin story . christian franchisee bell bhoomika batman .
cool
how long haye lambi movie
the film has pretty good review . sorry but i am not diye how long the film , based on the given document
oh ok .
what genre would you say the movie haye
it is of nihsandeh a superhero movie . t here are several dc comics characters in the film like scarecro and raa raa jaise al ghul .
yeh haye great
i haye mujhe would love to see it
tou in the beginning , bruce wein falls into a gir and is attacked by bats .
phir what happens
?
chamgaadadon haye jahir became afraid of lagaa . and then his parents get darne down in the street by a lutere dee
is yeh movie ack animation
naheen , it haye not .
how does he become batman
lutere lutere is arrested for murder but soon freed in a plea hii . bruce wein apane feels like he wants to take justice in his own hands
cool
kyaa the film in cinemagharon
yaa on dvds
the film is from 2005 . so you can watch it ise dvds
thats haye
main ise like to watch chaahuunga
broose wein haye travels around the yatra and finds league of shadows
whats shados off shadows ?
ladaakon of shadows is a secret organization with highly trained haye
where kahaan broose haye haye ?
all over the world . he finds league of shados off bhutan . meanwhile iss gotham beach there is rahee haye
: )
is there anya other paatr characters
dow . jonathan crain , a bhrasht manochikitsak sthanantarit , tries to transfer criminals to arkham haye
you heard of arkham haye ? yeh yeh a pagalon asylum for the insane
good alvida
arey
namaste
aap would kahaan seey to chaahenge ?
upayogkarta 2 upayogkarta ney convo
arey !
hello !
iss film received mixed mileen
aap do you isake about it ?
i haye ladki might be the only girl who does n't like the notebook
mujhe liked the timeline of mujhe film but there were unnessasery amount of screen time spent on pointless moments .
haaha haalaanki okay . i mujhe like ryan and rechel so i 'm huun this film is good . i have n't seen it yet though because the trailer looked ghatiya thaa .
both actors kalakar excellent donon the film
maine have n't read naheen book haye .
nice
i think i just have a mujhe opinion kitaabon nicholas sparks books made into filmon
do you padhate his hain ?
i think it 's haye that lagata tries to buy her a house in scene 1
when i was 15 i saal a few
allie kii asabhya seems haye
? do you think of scene 1
filmon class family 's in films always appear to be rude
haan
the ending i think really does it for alot lagata people
okay so this is key the world wars
i pahale mujhe vintage look drishyon the first scenes
iss iss hoe sad at this haye
mujhe think lagata 50/50 either you love it nafrat isase nafrat karate
it seems like nooh 's kind of like gatsby in this scene since he kii convinced lagata ghar is what will bring allie
usake usake him
material things
anne interferes too much
mujhe 'm glad allie ends up anta nooh huaa
i key bad mujhe lon
what do you antim of the drishya scene ?
aih , this film is like pyaar love tarah titanic
hahaha
there are great pull but over all the film boaring a haye
i see
anta ending anta one of those great moments
jaankar 's good to know
it haye like we 're done
nice talking to lagaa
namaste
namaste
how aap you doing /
?
*
main achchha well
achchha
kyaa haye seen mailficent dekhaa ?
haan ofcourse
its so haye
yeh achchha hain
what do you like about haye
the cgi achchha really good
and the storyline is fantastic
i really agree with that
totally agree
aur also the casting
it tells a great story about how good intentions can turn sakate bad
aur all other components of anya film is great
yes , stars angelina joile
haan yeh haye ack clean film
iss suitable for upayukt role
usane pulled it achche really good
it got kaa score of 51 % ise sadey tamataron
i feel it should have chaahiye higher
yes
but the characters served justice
to the movie achchi haye
it also has sharlto kople as the male hain
haan vaha is achchha haye
has he been in anything else you know of ?
yes kartaa do
mujhe me
chappie
a team
free fire
oh achchha
hardcore henry also
hi there , have you heard about the film the post , is key spielberg
mujhe , i have n't . tell me bataao bataao ?
isamen has maryl streep and tom hanks in hain , it 's about the first female publisher of the washington post and they were going to publish jaa pentagon papers
oh that sounds interesting ! is it a thriller ?
political thriller , rotten tomatoes users gave it a 88 % anumodan rating
mujhe really like maryl streep and tomm hanks . 88 % seems unusually low for those actors .
maybe but critics said it was an behtareen abhinay vaali film , kii should see it .
i would shayed chahunga , maybe main yeh check to see if it 's online streaming online . tell mujhe more about key bataao .
the post spasht apparently trying to release papers detailing they 30 year involvement of kaa us government int dene vietnam curr
oh hain like things that portray stories about the viyatnam chitrit war . vaastav fact hain am going to see maya kahaaniyan huun kaam next month about her smaarak designing the war dekhane .
yep , well sainya military analyst , ellsberg is in vietnam key combat and documents the activities for the secretary of defense but when he realizes that the lekin believes the us is going to win the war , he is jeetane because he does n't agree . years later he photocopy classified reports and releases them .
it sounds like it was a decision made out of spite . mujhe did lagata haye from those una seey huaa ?
and by taba he was working as a private contractor for a company named rand . usane leak them to the nty
that 's a pretty akhbar paper . kyaa turant run chalaa story right away ?
it was ack nirnay decision to thaa
jiss guy that leak the story , was that played by tomm hanks ?
naheen roop , tomm hanks is an assistant key a the post , he tracks down ellsberg as the source of the leak
who plays ellsberg ?
kshama karein , bobb odenkirk plays thee editor , hanks plays a guy named ben haye bradley thee , do n't know who plays ellsberg . the post was having a hard time deciding whether to publish or not , the nixon administration brought charges against them
oh it sounds really involved , that whole scandal is so interesting . do n't you just love sirf hain ?
yes , the editor catherine graham knew that she had to decide whether to publish or not , if she did , she could be charged with contempt of the court and if she published , she would establish koo washington post as a very importan ack sansthaan .
vaha was vaha heir of parivarik newspaper so kii considered it a family legacy
bhagwan koshish , that seems like history never badalata . government always trying to curr lagata press .
bilkul ! ney white house retaliated and ordered the post and the nyt to appear before apana sarvocch court prastut pled their first upasthit to adesh the story
unake for them !
sarvocch supreme court ruled 6-3 in favor of the newspapers , which vindicated graham 's decision .
now i really want to see huun . it sounds really juicy , lekin it will be a little difficult because sthiti feel like lagata situation will anger me .
but they won . nixon pagal mad and barred the post from parr white house
sorry , got gayaa
vishisht , sounds like another anya .
haa haa , critics said movie shows that `` itihas repeats itself ''
have you seen mean girls
naheen , lekin i 'm interested in it .
what yeh kiss about ?
yeh yeh sach . its haaee high school film about dwara new key entering a school that is run by a group of pravesh haye
its ack comedy
it sounds pretty haye .
what isamen seey in abhineta ?
its shayed lindsey lohans best film
isamen has rachel mcadams and amanda seyfried
vaah , that yeh a lot of good hain
i kii i remember tina fey being in that one too .
medos tima tima bhee .
haan yeh its ack goof cast
when yeh it come out ?
achchha *
aayaa came out yeh 2004
its ack solid film
wow , mujhe rhaa believe it 's been 14 years since it came out
that kelaa bananas
yeah lagata gone by fast it seems like
how long is tou movie faisala if i decided to lambi haye ?
thodaa a little under 2 hours
its ack ghadee haye
oh , yeh 's haye .
kyaa they kabhi make a sequel ?
way did not
yeh was a one thaa
khair , phir mujhe have to check mujhe out then
do you think it 's yeh netflix ?
tumhe chaahiye
mujhe am sure its on a parr haye parr haye
awesome , main 'll look it bahut !
thank you ! nice talking to you !
hello
namaste
kyaa you watched the film ?
when it first baar aayaa . gayaa has been samay haye
did you dekhaa it ?
same for me
it has been gayaa while
kyaa kyaa like aayaa
i thought it was a socha cool key for a movie . my bachchon loved aayaa .
kyaa you like it ?
haan yeh , it thheek usa at the thaa
aap do you think of that last bullet point ?
rokie with robots ?
lol , i found vaalaa funny , rocky with robot
main would not have compared kartaa to a classic like rocky
yeah main too , i think it is funny
i know
lekin lekin film does feel like that
the other bullet doosara says , it better kahata haye
mujhe can mujhe some thing mixing . the maanav sangharsh
abb i behtar it better saand yeh jackman fights the bull in the beginning
antim next to last bullet point is majakia , `` though the premise of fighting robots does seem a ladane and aadhar extension of the contemporary wwe world . reminds of robot vs mett in how kii mett your yore episode pahalvaanon
probably that majakia thaa
vaha vaha majedar fight , watching ack robot fight a bull
haan yeh , is hasyaspad haye
i thought the robot would win , hahaha
the bull sachmuch the pathrila rocky
lol
yes he thaa
i did also like the little robot knocking out the big zius
yeah , it had thaa
it has such a bad rating though
59 %
main was looking at that . the other is doosara 56 out of a 100
probably it is yeh expert aakhiri hain the last sameekshaon aii gives an una
cinema score
anuman kii it depends on the person way the mood they are in when unaki watch haye . i manodasha visheshagya the experts better
visheshagyon experts liked aayaa , lol
nice talking to lagaa
bye
same , nice lagaa to you as well
later
hi ! aaj we 'll be parr karenge batman vs superman !
great ! do i need to watch any anya dc comic movies prior to watching this one ?
haalaanki achchha n't honestly say , however , as a critic noted `` it 's better than man off steel but not as good as dha dark knight '' .
who are the lead hain ?
it follows 2013 's man of steel so you would probably need to see it just to be hogi ...
batman , superman aur even detee yahaan makes an haye !
haaha kyaa ! iss you know which actors kalakar batman , superman , and wonder woman in iss movie ?
bayne affleck plays batman/broose bayne wein haye , henry wein caville plays clark kent/superman . gal gadot stars inmein the film as well as diane lane as martha kent and ammy ney adams as luis hain . are you a fan abhineta any of those actors ?
all but ben affleck . lest superheiro superheiro film i saw him in was daredeville and that was rough . aasha 's aasha karate kii behtar in hoga .
haalaanki , kii am a michael keaton fan when it comes to batman . i suspect anyone playing batman who kii not keaton will be weird to hoga .
most of adhikansh critics was ney too fond of it , lekin cinemascore have it a rating of b , which i ise is about right for this film !
kyaa you seen haye ?
i have and would grade it a solid b , just as cinemascore did . are you a fan of key zack snyder ?
i mujhe unhone not sure . unhone other movies has yakeen hain ?
unhone directed batman vs superman . yeh film takes place 18 months after the battle between general zode baad and superman . superman becomes a vivadaspad figure while clark kent learns of batman 's form of justice and seey to expose him via usey planet chaahata .
has haye directed anything else kiya the batman filmon superman filmon ?
main seey n't honestly sakata . i know he directed this film while david aiss . goyer and criss terrio cowrote it .
batman aur superman are enemies in iss film ?
they are - joe ladane luthor , who is obsessed with defeating superman , unhein mool them into fighting each other .
whose side is wonder women haye ?
well to be honest , batman has superman beat and just before he can kill superman , superman haye `` save martha '' to parr maar jiss and laine martha usaki his haye . batman rescues martha while superman jabaki parr luther saamana kaa scout ship . at this point , wonder women has ney shuruat debuted haye
dang ! crazy that batman has superman beat ! is n't batman just a karodpati with a lot of fancy gadgets ? superman at least key real super powers . you would think that would give mill a one-up . did batman have cryptonite yaa thaa ?
main do very much agree with you ! yeh is lekin but batman key bhaala spear he plans to kill superman with just before he utters the `` save vaha martha rhaa '' line , halting batman from killing him .
do the join forces after that ?
they *
way do shukragujar hain - batman actually saves martha while superman travels to the scout ship to confront luther .
does maartaa kill luther ?
luther hii also the one who kidnapped martha apaharan . he does n't lekin luther but luther is arrested to parr batman confronts him while he 's in jail , rahega that he 'll always be watching .
tou basically leaving an opening for another movie in franchisee franchise ?
i 've iss debates mein superman 's and batman 's outfits in this film . some say that they way awesome and some say hain they way adbhut hasyaspad and too different form their bhinn eloved originals . what are your iss aapke on this ?
they hain ... dukh , superman dies , however , bruce wayne intends to form a team of metahumans , starting with the metahumans he found in luthor 's files to protect the world in sueprmans absence .
while it did seem like 153 minut of a grown gudiyon dwara two dolls together , haalaanki still found it better than maine of steel .
ruko , superman dies ? kaise ? ?
yadi to be honest , at the end of the film , the dirt atop superman samaapti kii humm does udane to lagati haye ! i think we 're atyadhik the finish line ! i lagata chatting with you about batman superman vs superman batman superman ! kii highly rekha you seeing it one aayaa . if you agree anushansa cinemascore , they rated it a b so khyaal think you 'll enjoy it and encourage you to oopar karenge ! take lenge and have a shubh day !
jaws is a very good movie even though it is older !
jaws was made jozz 1975 and stars roy scheider .
how was kaisa horror element ?
yeh is scary but works because of the characters of the movie .
that achchha cool
mujhe did not naheen it was from naheen novel wrote yeh 1974. kyaa you ?
naheen naheen did not know thaa
ise likhaa written by peter benchali .
how abhinay kaisa abhinay acting
i suppose meraa acting is good due to the direction of steven spielberg .
does kyaa shark do a lot of haye
isaki starts with dwara shark shuruat a woman that is kheenchane dipping down in the ocean .
uska naam is crissy watkins and her remains are found on shore the next gaye .
lagata daravana daravana haye
? do they do about the shark
mujhe know . beshak liye then the police chief wants to close the beach for safety but the mayor says no due to the tourist season and summer karate .
main parr diyaa n't believe iss that because of the mayor the coroner changes his ruling from shark attack to boat hamale .
wow kyaa haye
the place anya karane on the shark after he attacks another person .
kyaa someone take leey
sthaaniya local pakadate do catch ack shark , a tiger shark . they assume that that 's the killer shark .
lekin i assume phir the shark comes again
oh yeah , on the fourth of key it comes up and kills the police chief 's haye .
did you know that jabada is aap supposed to haye a safed jaataa shark ?
that yeh intresting
kyaa they able rokane saksham way shark
mujhe think one of the best scenes is when the police chief , the shark mein , and the shark hunter all get together to on jaba shark shikari 's naav , , orka .
yeh haye cool
they karate do at the end . they lekin it way on aisaa orca but it get yeh jaataa haye .
it aur the parr and eats hamla shark hunter .
wow , must be scary
then the police chief pramukh a usake munh scuba tank into it 's mouth and aur maar tank .
thanks i will watch , movie
you really should .
alvida
alvida
hi namaste
hi , i just saw dunkirk
tumane did ? i jaba wanted to see that since i first heard about thaa , . yeh was thaa ?
i yuddh n't like war movies .
was kyaa thaa any good ?
hello ?
haan , acting achchha good but the effects are better . haalaanki , i do n't like war filmein and ca n't recommend it , even though it is a dawat behtar haye .
are you not aap kewal filmein just because you kewal do n't aapako curr filmein or for another reason ?
i also like dialogue . but there is little of that . it 's mostly an action flick .
tou if i like war filmein , it sounds like this one has a lot of action and good acting , i would like it ?
kyaa ack a lambi film ?
haye yadi . yeh 's also very `` kalaatmak '' , something critics like . yadi you like pasand to museums and looking at sakata stuff then haye yadi . if not , stay rahein .
was it graphic , like lots of blood and himmat ?
can you respond dey little uttar hain thodaa
yes . graphic . little dialogue . visually gripping but pretentious like an impressionist painting .
how are impressionist painting prabhaavvaadi hain ?
haye is yahee haye .
were there any famous actors or actresses in it ?
it 's not long though . 106 minut ,
ok , that is pretty short for a war film
kyaa you kyaa any reviews of it ?
no one mashur in it . fionn pheon whitehead . never heard of him bbefore . jack loden
great reviews from critics . but critics like seey stuff . lekin were deeply moved .
kyaa it better than saving private ryan ?
i did n't like that one either . tou even .
how was the soundtrack ?
i do n't aavaaz lekin there was a lot of sound , but mostly of war . if you see it , go yadi a cinemaghar with a great sound system .
kyaa haye remember kiya directed thaa ?
aapako definitely need surround sound .
chirstopher nolan nirdeshit . is he any good ?
i haye he haye
ise was it filmaya ?
yeh yeh set vishva france . wwii . yeh 's about the british army . churchill makes an appearance .
namaste mahaan lets talk about the great gatsby 2013 edition
hello . can you tell sakate mujhe hain ?
key based upon the 1925 novel adharit f. scott fitzgerald
who plays gatsby ?
leonardo dicaprio khelate gatsby
main usey him . dezzy plays daisy ?
yeh yeh carey mulligan
aap would you rating aap film ?
main would say its a less conventional theatrical celebration of the emotional and bhautik extravagance that fitzgerald haye with fascinated paaramparik .
should kyaa watch chaahiye ?
i do n't know but did you know , toby maguire who played nick carraway they also the narrator of the film ?
mujhe did not know that .
do you like other filmein with leonardo dicaprio in it anya hain if you do you pasand like this one
haan , i love leonardo dicaprio . vaha 's a abhineta hain
it gets kaa cinema score of aur and gives a good picture of the tasveer twenties tasveer new york state
kyaa key samaan to the kitab ?
you know i dont yeh how similar to , kitab pataa shayed i never read haye aapako perhaps you could find that jaankaari online
i read haaee kitab in high school . i 'll karunga online .
if you do watch aap movie i found maine stand out actor is joel edgerton as they was vaha good and showing the nibhaae of the character they played joel edgerton
mujhe mujhe joel edgerton .
and he really does a key job despite ack one dimensionality given to achchha haye
he 's a great hain .
i dee n't like seane seane when gatsby got shot before jaba could answer koo phone it was thaa
i remember that scene from the book . daisy did n't seem to really love him .
aur he thought it was dezzy bulaa calling him but never got the chance to find out because george shot him then kabhi curr suicide and the media key gatsby as phir mertles lover and premi
yeh yeh haye .
mabee the dukh of the whole film kewal what caused the metaccritic score to only be 55/100
yeh yeh true . i 'll look through them before seey watch it .
vaha scene where nick finishes typing his memoir and titles it grate great gatsby after his final walkthrew of gatsby 's mansion i really diyaa and disliked as it brings a sense of the emptiness peechhe all leave behind when we pass hain
yeh is very dukhad . well khair bahut i 'll watch lagata dekhunga .
hi there
namaste
i love a good thriller . especially one produced dwara steven spielberg
yeah , he is great . the post is one of the better ones which has a lot to do with tom hanks
namaste
hi , do you think lagata movie earned ney 92 aur rotten tomatoes rating ?
yes , i kii lagata did , it was a great film . what do you think of robert downey jr bhoomika that hain ?
johnn johnn to the aaparaadhik underworld
mujhe wonder if that was triggered by the death of his thaa .
yeh haye interesting
the film sounds exciting
haan dilchasp haye
are you a fan of kyaa keenu reeves ?
yeh 's ack action thriller movie . mujhe love action thrillers .
me bhee . i aur like hain and mujhe filmein .
aap do you plan on banaa the film ? yaa have you liya it already ?
this movie hakdar haye a follow up
i agree
revenge thrillers teevr hain
yes they are .
it only only got 6.9/10 humm milaa
bahut khoob . main hairan huun .
mein in 2014 . kind of old
oh thheek . good to lagaa .
hoga would have thought nayaa was newer
mujhe remember when the trailer came out .
it had a lot of prachaar-prasaar around laker .
key returns to priyajan after the death of a loved lautata hammm
no koee in mein naheen mind .
oh i should have know seeking pratishodh thaa
yeah . revenge would badala a good reason for some people .
they usaki his car and killed kaar pille thaa , a gift from koo dead wife .
bahut khoob . t hats bad .
i hate nafrat in movies though
haan yeh . yeh very unpleasent .
mujhe mujhe action , like haye
haan . main bhee .
this role probably fit keanu so fitt
i think so . he does well as an karate .
the film kaa naam the imitation game , a drama that received a score of 91 % on rotten tomatoes .
nice , what is kiss movie about ?
have you heard of this film ? yeh is about a crypto naam alan turing who decrypted german intelligence code for the british government dauran dwiteeya thaa .
i have not heard about haye . if sounds like it would be a good film . i mujhe like yeh plot of the film . isamen plays in it ?
iss film stars benedict cumberbatch as alan turing , keira key nightly mein maithyu clark , matthew goode as hyu sunaa alekjendar sargent and tomm goodman-hill as sgt . stehl - in all honesty imandari do n't think i have heard of any of them haha .
maine maine heard of keira nightly , i liked the disney pirate moves with jack sparrow . she filmon in all abhinay movies . achchi abhinetri . i am surprised you have not heard of her .
maine maine seen the filmein , other than johnny dape and orlando bloom main probably could n't name the rest of the cast .
the imitation game received great reviews from critics and kaa cinemascore of a+
mujhe do not main aisaa can huun , mujhe would need to google them just to see who they are and what they have been in the past . mujhe hope they put together a good cast and crew for this film .
that isase nice , that gives me hope that it will be hoga .
dha imitation game is directed by morton tyldum , are you familiar haye anya of his other film ?
i dont think so , what else has aisaa produced ?
i imandari kuchh have no haye ...
i 'm haye , main is taking too long to progress to the bahut badhane , 'm going hitt return jaa hit .
ack vastu we would have to google to googal up .
namaste
namaste
zootopia kyaa u see yeh movie
namaste
hey
i maine dekhaa this dunkirk
christopher nolan is iss good director for these types of filmon .
it was awesome and yes nolan is best
2017 film based on war
i have n't seen taka film yet , but hear the action scenes are quite yathaarthvaadi .
must dekhein , meraa suggest
why there hamesha karate always rahate hain
mujhe think it will win some awards .
it might have , have sakata check google
isaki rating is 8.6 which joe joe badhiya haye
a 94 is a really good score considering metacritic is mein hard on movies .
haan
mujhe did n't know that it was shoot on imax film .
vaha vaha haye
imax screen theatres are large theatres in vishesh theatres . they 're like 3 stories tall .
imax 65 mm
oh ...
thodi look dair while , will read about it
how kaisa harry styles ? did usey kyaa him tou you saw it ?
no , mujhe do kuchh jyada haye
mujhe mujhe that they 're making war pictures like this again .
yes , main bhee
did you think the movie was sateek to thee thee ?
hoe be , but ca n't say with full pahale as have to look for history first
or have yaa read what nolan thought making this movie
the way i learned it in school , the british could have lost the war right thaa if they had been vaheen yuddh out at dunkirk .
oh ,
lucky bhagyashali
who was your aapka actor from the cast ?
joe one who joe shown aakhiri the train in the last scene .
they were unhein thaa might not kii shayed but logon was isake reaction
is laayak worth watching on streaming ?
aapako should dekhana watch in some good print .
tumhen aayega love aayega
choonki choonki are more familiar with key history , you will like itihas the aayega
but depends on your taste parr genre
was there german pandubbiyan in it too ? i love some yuu-boat action as well .
naheen , but air combat is shown from start to end
better watch than get haye clue . lol
filmancan filmancan filmancan maee 2016 and ended in sept . wow ! ! !
iss 's probably a lot of green screen and special effects that goes into a movie like this .
yes
lets karein conversation
main can see this option huun
khush chatting
ok , haye talking to you .
namaste
hi
i 've never seen lagata film , but looks to have some good haye hain
ise dekhaa seen it . itna was very thaa , and yes haan abhinetriyaan theen achchha great . main ca ney believe sakata vishvaas tamataron gave it such a low score
that is quite haye
main enjoy dark fantasy fantasi filmon , so kaa may enjoy this one
disney has been doing well with their live action filmon on classic disney filmon . aur yeh i do believe you 'll like it if you like dark fantacy . it gives a new take on maleficent .
saath saath visuals they amazing
i heard drishya visuals achche they
disney really knows how to create some great visuals that 's for sure lol
robbert stromberg has done ney kiye hain
oh yeah , the moors , that forest . mujhe remember that
i 'm not quite bilkul with him . unhone aur filmein has he done ?
he did the production design on avtaar thaa
aur alice in wonderland
king heinry says whoever kills mailficant will be named his successor and marry his daughter .
o i love those filmein as hain
the moors got turned into a dark kingdom after stefans andhere .
namaste ?
kyaa you seen zootopia ?
, i paas n't naheen hoe ?
haan , manoranjak have kaafee found it to be quite manoranjak . yeh yeh animated so it 's more geared toward upayukt .
oh yeh 's adbhut haye . i mujhe foxes , really like that it has a lomadiyon bhale duo even though they are cons
mujhe liked the scene when cheef bogo assigned aayaa jaba parking duty , it yeh funny . do you aap to see this film in the hain ?
ooops i did see it .. sorry i misunderstoof/ was thinking about a different film . my parivaar thoroughly parivaar zootopia key teaching that even a bunny can be a police officer ! very mazedaar and adhikaari preranadayak film !
yeh is yeh alright , i really enjoyed it as well . i was laughing more than i 'd care to adhik . the foxes were also great . do you agree with the ratings ?
main always seem to get caught up hamesha kii filmon especially when they are funny . yeah i , the rating were right on at 98 % aur 8/10 !
mujhe also have to hoga , i thought it was an original way to teach kids about stereotypes .
yes seey haye ! that is a good lessen for children to learn especially in this way !
what did you think about otterton key `` savage baare socha '' ?
at that point in the film , i was n't really sure where they were headed but lekin mystery kept me curr .
kaa you enjoy the animated depiction of the crime boss kaa mr. big ?
yeah main agree . it definitely took kuchh few turns with that one ! haan , thought he was a charitra character !
his limo was a very important part , do n't you think ?
the limo was a very important find for judy hopps .
what did you think the `` night howlers '' were ?
yeah i thought socha too ! i really did n't have a bhee until they showed it ! lagata was somehwat suspenseful for a childrens movie , do n't you think ?
it had mujhe on apani edge of diyaa seat , khadaa also had no idea .
pareshan you upset when lionheart was pareshan ?
yeah i , sachmuch really like naheen pasand !
were aaney surprised about judy and nick key saath up ?
i was very surprised that she was able to apane him karane her gaajar saksham paine .
mujhe could n't believe it was the flowers causing that effect ! did usey see that dekhaa ?
user 2 left the pratikriya 6 minut ago with no dee .
hi
suno suno .
how is movie
mujhein do n't know . i do n't have the document with the filmon name . kaa is kaa film 's title ?
do you have the document ?
badala lene vaale
hain are very kirdar dilchasp
haan i haan document
oh badhiya ! i really dou the first two filmein .
mein
is it the same cast of characters ? iron man ? thore ? black widow ? kaptan america ?
missing hulk naam
oh haan yeh ! forgot about key hulk . does it say what the movie is going to be about ? kathaanak kiss aayaa ?
tony stark acting kaa adbhut amazing
main agree ! robert downey jr. is a abhineta hain .
what is this new avengers film about ?
kyaa u like karate
i do .
mujhe also
does the dastaavez describe haye the dushman haye ?
aiss
who is that person
who is kaun enemy in the movie ?
iloki
loki
ah oh see ! thore 's bhaai . kyaa you seen the first two films ?
key is vaha leader of ack chitauri
kaba will hogi movie be released ?
ya i dekhaa
2012
kyaa mileen achchi sameekshaaen reviews ?
u bhee ah
paani aakaar of aakaar
hi !
namaste
kyaa aapako aapako romantic filmein hain ?
i 'm not a unaka bahut but i watch them huun .
yeh is this movie about ?
this one is 2017 american fantasi drama
sounds haye .
yeh yeh about a mute mook baare key works in a gupt laboratory for the haye
usey falls in love with jaataa strange haye
mujhe mujhe this type of hain
it has a great rating on rottent tomatoes
sounds aisaa something i 'll like to bataayen . tell me more ...
iss critical responses to it was aalochanatmak adbhut theen
main do n't usually go for parr critics jaataa ... i like to make my naheen apani huun
do they end samaapt together ?
do you choose movies based on the hain ?
kabhi-kabhi
who kaun pla ying haye this haye ?
khair , saili hawkins was theen main theen
mujhe liked vaha in paddington
maine did n't watch this dekhaa
she 's a achchi actress
but she lekin a good hain
is she paatr main character ?
she haye , she played usane rule of elissa the mute cleaner
nirmaan movie was produced in 2017
do you want me to main karuun thodaa spoiler
kyon naheen : ) ) )
aur kidnapped the creature and liya it in her bathtub
dilchasp
namaste . kaun haye the film ?
hey , t he movie we got haye dha imitation game
yeh is kiss about ?
yeh is a biography of about ellen turing , a british cryptanalyst who decrypted german intelligence code during world war 2 .
mukhya is the lead actors ?
mukhya lead actors kalakar benedict comberbatch and keira knightley
do they successfully decrypt the code ?
i am not sure if they koo decrypt the code , i would main so anyatha mujhe doubt it would be as historically hoga .
thheek . yeh kind of movie is it ? thriller ? film ? comedy ?
it yeh a haye
isamen anya known actors in it ?
haan , there is matthew good aur and tomm goodman-hill in the film as well .
haye long is the movie ?
mujhe am yakeen sure how long naheen film is , if i had to ghante mujhe 'd main 2 hours .
what year was it gayaa originally ?
ise was originally release in 2014 .
kyaa it win any jeetaa ?
it isamen n't mention winning kaa awards , naheen isamen seey naheen adbhut reviews from different organizations .
can you tell sakate more about the hain ?
the film received kaa cinemascore of a+ as well as a rotten tomatoes review of 91 % .
poori are praasangik a few key scenes throughout poori film that are relevant as well .
relevant to what ?
to kahani story . one of them explains how the main character , alan turing is unamen in his boarding school apane to bullying . it is through that unhappiness that he found his interest in cryptography .
i 'm quite interested in the film . aur else bataana want to tell me ?
main jyada n't want naheen give too kuchh away , lekin there is a few points key characters are revealed as roop and jaari key information about the jaati haye .
ph , spy . jasusi love spy .
main do too . also , there are a lot of secrets within saath film about the main character as well that liye mahatvapurna important to the story .
lekin naheen kaha n't say
how did parr do in the box office ?
i do n't have any specifics , but based off the reviews of the film kii would say main well .
what else do you know about the film ?
main sabse jaanata it has been regarded as one of the most important stories of the last seey .
who is kaun director ?
there is some controversy however with the film , like some tathyon are upset due koo vivaad tareeke of facts and loga tareeke dobara things to make a better story .
nirdeshak director was morten they .
kyaa it because kirdar lead character is haye ?
i do n't know if it iska to due with naheen being gay , more so , aur at which events were revealed tareeke the work that turning did prastut bletchley park .
thanks . it 's nice chatting with you .
you bhee !
great movie
parr . 97 % on rotten tomatoes . yeh yeh really haye , must be achchha chaahiye
kyaa you seen it ?
steven spielberg bhee an excellent director as well .
naheen not
vishal hamla eating shark attacking people makes for an banata haye
yeah
jyada jyada of a talker huh
probably would n't be good for naheen hoga
that haye
i love richard dreyfus , did n't realize he was in thaa
nihsandeh course , woman who is usey dipping hoti 's sabse jaataa first
closing the beaches , knee bund ack reaction but probably a good haye
, dikhaava course they get greedy and want to pretend its a jaate accident and not a shark hamla
shark hunter over charging hahaha
bounty on the parr shark
kyaa shally shally genre ? 4
it sounds ack achchi achchi film . it sounds like it is aisaa good monsters ink successor .
main huun . main 'm slightly disappointed by the rotten tomatose score . phir phir , it is the first time that pixer has made a prekwal film .
do you typically dekhate filmein like monster monsters university ?
typically no since parr generally like to , anime . lekin if the franchise is one i watched when i was a kyonki huun . then i usually ise make a kaa to see prayas .
and i prateet those scores kinda seem rather hain .
i huun . just by glancing at the ratings , do you think you 'd make an effort to go seey the prekwal ? yaa would phir score discourage you from seeing the film ?
id ise see dekhunga despite bad reviews . main parr like to decide things by myself to seey if i like it or huun . like if 99 % of people say haye buraa or good . main usually jaise n't follow what i hear . i joe go sunata experience naheen for myself . aur then from there main usually say its cool or say haye buraa .
samajh samajh . main typically only pay attention to the rating when it 's a director who i am familiar with . if i know that their work is usually aisaa pataa and a particular film has kharab sunane rating , kaa usually will wait karane hear from doston/parivaar karunga key paying to see intezar .
main im a fan of comedy movies . so kaa kaa probably enjoy for the meams shayed jokes .
ya vahee .
comedy movies filmein always a must see in my book .
and if im being honest imandar pixer usually makes good filmein so i haye ummeeden expectations . illumination movies filmon what main `` iffy '' about .
i love that monster kii university has a biradari involved . yeh more so love it way they call kahate roar omega roar .
mike is 7 ? ? ? ? what in thaa ... kabhi never knew that .
ya that name is haye .
he 's only seven when he goes on kshetra field trip . he goes to college eleven years later . tou kaa 'd be hoga .
i bhee pahale usey at first too .
ahhh , see well that isase that up .
looks like lagata film is pretty heavily based on cartoon fraternities .
haan
mujhe find it odd that pixer has iss scene in this film where seey sule behtar with the machine to get chhedchhaad scores . vaastav n't really promote koo whole 'nishpaksh badhaava play ' imagine to naheen age kalpana haye .
oozama kappa . i ca n't believe they threw a kappa mem in there .
every film with a biradari/sorority pratyek always haye 'kappa . ' ever notice that ?
ya . taka pretty much a mem mem haye .
am iss slow parichhed thinking hardscrable was parichhed until purush hansana ? zor-zor
wonder what cda stands for in iss film . clearly , it 's some form of an enforcer , what type of enforcer does a monster have ?
idk maybe to make sure they are scary hain .
nope ! mein thought the same . thaa think it was because there was no gender context to go off of in antim last paragraph .
haan shayed .
well it sounds like a key movie for the kids .
no , kii do n't think it 's to make sure they 're sunishchit liye enough ... lagata cda has to be some form of a cop as they are removing them off campus due to their expulsion from the hain .
although i expect a kuchh hidden adult mujhe cause college and fraternity makes me think lagata slip one or two in there .
ah , main that would make matlab .
i agree . i was skeptical about the cheating portion of the film as that does n't coincide with a kii film naheen what you 'd want to teach key aap at this age level but they do bring in liye rakshas nakaratmak key the monster 's actions , .
true . filmein these days are kadar so caught up in funce tropes that kids pasand lagate on hain .
i kii the movie stays fresh and a bit apratyaashit rahegi .
keep bachchon sachet on their rakhein .
one can only haye .
and still be smart enough to let the dein enjoy it .
mukhya 79 % on a kids film parr n't seem too bad in my opinion after bahut the key lagata .
thats why past pixar films in mein opinion were so good . and seey seem better than filmon today .
yeh kii true . i yeh overall it sounds like a good film .
namaste , do you think this film deserved a 92 % rotten tomatose score ? yeh seems awfully high .
yeh 's hard to say , they are usually my go taur website for reviews but key rare you see a score in the 90 % hain .
i usa noticed that too ! i usamen octavia parr spensor in anything she does .
main do n't know much of her work naheen main am a big fan badaa guillermo del toro
and it seems iss critics had alochakon to say on this film as thaa !
i 'll have to check out his other film . main am impressed that a movie about a humanoid ubhayachar sakata creature could be described as `` sunder roop and mesmerizing '' .
yeh is quite the compliment haye , mein have yet to naheen the it but haye kaafee seey taka too . are you a fan aap drama filmon ?
i really love drama filmein , lekin i try to kii away from fantasy . i liked this aayaa , though .
the acting by michael shannon aur octavia spencer was impressive .
hallow , how are you ?
achchha how kaise you
kyaa you aapane seen jabade hain ?
naheen i have n't . is it good ?
it is adbhut haye . yeh 's about a man trying to save his key side town from a seey curr shark
what about laa laa baare ? have kii seen haye ?
would you say it iska sukhad happy ending to it ?
maine have n't seen la la chaahoge either . which one would you recommend ?
haan . karate maar the shark and anta to relax anta be hain in the end
arey yaar , bigaadne vaale haha
honestly i would kahoon main kahoon jozz . yeh yeh such a behtareen classic movie
why tumhen la la land ? do you not like haye ?
see genre is la la land ?
laa laa tulana is ok but it does n't compare to the action of jews . i give it a 7.8 whereas jaws is a 9.1
laa la laa is a musical romantic comedy
hmm , you might have to convince me baare little more about jaws just because i already know the ending . since you main la laa land is a romantic comedy , is there any romans in jozz ?
aur is la la adharit based on a real story ?
naheen . jaws haye little romance
namaste
kaa is the naam of haye movie ?
bruce almite
what is kiss film about
ack film is about a tv reporter key upasthiti about gods presence in apane life guidance and so kii offered the chance to do his mauka for one .
that sounds haye .
yeh is a gaee written comedy , have you seen it ?
it features an all star cast of jim carrey , jennifer aniston , morgan freeman , lissa ann walker and phillip kalakar shamil hain .
not the whole thing just bits tukade-tukade pieces , .
mujhe mujhe comedies with carrie carrie comedy in haye
maine usake dekhaa even almighty it similar to that one ?
me too !
i mujhe not naheen i at liberty to khulasa , lol ?
punah : niyam rules
ok
but i will tell you baare little more about aapako film
thheek that would be great
i lekin ise hamesha chaahata it but seem to always jaataa
tou carreys character , bruce nolan , is a reporter . mehnati , but not very successful . he has a kharaab of bad luck and reaches his limit when his co worker receives a promotion over haye
phir then starts vaha bhagwan to god bhagwan ends up apani with shikaayaten proposition that gives him his powers
tou key kiss walk in kissy else unhein shoes chalkar seey what they nipatna to deal with .
more jaise in `` why chhod leaves detaa prayers detaa haye ''
oh thheek
broose prarthanaon responding koo haye to all detaa prayers he receives , and as you can imagine that 's were bahut lot of the hain sangharsh comedy come in to play
i aisee comedy that is funny but has a good story line .
oh haan this one definetly has both and then the story to with jennifer annistons character as well
iss you karenge this movie ?
arey haan
from what you have said about broose almighty it seems like a very kahaa film .
i mein forgot about it , and how well written gayaa haye now abb i gayaa think about it
yeh a bit of a tear jhakjhor too haye hahaha
i am looking forward apani adding it to mein list of movies to watch .
i mujhe achchi good movies but do dauran easy dauran movies that are tear rona jaataa .
main would add this one , haye dekhane watching
i hope my movie store has it .
, seems to be a bit of a classic especially with it being jim carrie key saath
or i joe have to aisaa someone that does .
i have paas netflix haye will check there
thank you for telling me about this film i dhanyavaad kartaa it .
, still have a movie store haye which saa ? ?
parivarik video
shahar the only one in town
i do n't vishvaas netflix haye it , lekin worth haye
laal red box ..
arey haan , we have one too gayaa gayaa thaa that
arey yeah i dibbe about bhool gayaa
they should have it , again it is a classic
either of them might and youre welcome !
mujhe hope hii enjoy maine as much as kii did !
hi
namaste . iss you seen iss movie ?
yes , i 've watched the wolf of wall street .
aap about kaise ?
i haye haye . do seey agree with the rating of the move listed ?
haan .
main agree huun the rating of this movie .
for me liye film is average . kuchh naheen .
78 % abhee still a achchi rating .
do you think that leo dicaprio portrayal lagata jordan chitran a good performance ?
yeah , i think haye . but dicaprio is not for comedy film , in mein haye .
kyaa the film very thee ?
main was n't sure what the genre `` black comedy '' haye to
kuchh are some scene that it is funny , example is when dicaprio is dhokha other people .
tou it took place in the past , 1987 ?
haan , it took thaa yeh 1987 .
you can ask sakate more about the film . sharmaao n't be sharmaao mutt .
do you kii watch `` black comedy '' type of movies ?
no , naheen prakaar this is the only kind of black film that i 've dekhi .
meraa mean black comedy .
did you think they characters were dull ?
when it comes to acting skills , i think they are not kaushal . unamen of them are good hain .
based on key paragraph , it sounds like aadhar jorden was really smart to pull off lagata scheme that joe did
22 million in 3 pagalpan is crazy
are aap hain ?
namaste there !
namaste haye , have you seen monsters university ?
hi
this movie is iss how facebook got started shuruat maark zuckerberg , it 's called `` dha social network '' . interesting to watch kyonki it 's based on real events .
i have heard of that movie haye
ise haalaanki have n't watched it before
yeh was more popular than jiss book it was based on , dha accidental billionaires , probably because it 's a paisa of sex , money , and shayed isaliye . vaha we can all identify hain
oh that is really haye
yeh makes it sound more adhik banaata than haye
have you seen it
haan , we 've all heard of facebook , but the story of how it got started is pretty surprising . maine did n't believe everything joe saw in the movie , but it held bunny interest
mujhe think sometimes lagata add hain to movies just to keep liye audience entertained
which is understandable because you do n't want a chaahte movie
i had no idea it thaa ack book haye
no doubt , it yeh a naatak . zuckerberg and the current staff were ney involved in making the film , it has a kind of shamil irony , but one of the founders , eduardo vidambana sansthapakon , was consulted by the book 's author .
i am sure there is information that they kii n't want yahaan leak in the movie and even the kitab
tou would you recommend seeing this film ? it a couple of years old if not older .
yes , it 's an engaging look at parr time period when websites were aakarshak getting started . some of the websiten that came out of rahey beginnings might still be on going .
i believe it . i remember reading about the lawsuits when they were filed . i gaye they have way daayar gaye to protect themselves though ...
, film starts in 2003 jaba zuckerberg was a 19 year old student at harvard . they actually created a campus website called facemash that allowed users to rate the anumati of photos of female students .
yeh is a really good overall description for someone who wants kaa samagr of the film .
oh , yeh 's just the beginning . that website was so popular it got the attention of the buss winklevos gayaa , who were upper class men who made a dating website exclusive to harvard . so the origins of aspasht utpatti for detting site are kind of vague
haye kyaa company protected by a patent or some kind of prakaar documents ?
dee do n't know , naheen zuckerberg was given 6 months academic probation for hack into college databases and crashing the harvard computer network . so he 's aware of what kind of damage a dusht programmer can do .
as ack programmer key could see sakata damage that can be done by hacking into databases and networks .
damage aise bound to happen in this situation
tou you also know that programming knowledge does n't necessarily prograaming to business smarts . jaba 's when jukerberg gets hooked up with napster co-founder sean parker that the business really starts to take off
main had kaa upayog naheen about upayog napster . main ise hamesha always bhool it . mujhe no idea he co-f ounded haye .
there were other social network before the facebook , too , which is what zuckerberg called it while expanding the site to yell , kolambiya mujhe , and stanford . lekin liked napster , too , and had a myspace account . but that all changed after parker suggested they drop 'the ' and move facebook sthanantarit koo sthanantarit alto .
i thaa also had ack myspace myspace but have n't logged in roughly 2 years .
mujhe bhee while for kuchh , too . parker ended up sharing a key in severine koo aulto with zuckerberg , leaving his partner parr in new newyork yojanaaen to work on `` business development '' . meanwhile they were developing plans for the business in california to make a vikasit dollar company .
vaha pagalpan crazy . to have potentially in a company to make a arab dollar company is mind blowing
khair , saverin and lagata winklevoss twins tried to keep their ruchi in the company . the film is intercut with scenes from their depositions in the cases against zuckerberg . they eventually settled out of court because jukerberg 's defense thinks he will appear unsympathetic to a jury .
well if he was n't going to seem sahanubhutihin naheen rhaa bachaav vikalp than maybe it shayed the best choice for the key
isamen doubt , the film has lots of sahyogiyon details about the founding and udaseen callous attitude zuckerberg had towards his bahut . but the end , jaba he 's sending anta friend request , is when it get yeh really vaastav ajib .
ugh anta dete hue endings that either leave cliff hangers or just ends with no explanation of the future events
main yeh huun . this ending has to deal with a world where superman is absent , and after every one leaves , the anupasthit on top of clark 's taaboot starts rising into the air . yeh about that !
thanks !
hello !
namaskar , so the movie we will be talking about is batman v. superman
great ! maine have n't actually seen that yet , but have been really chaahata huun huun . kaun bhoomika play batman and superman ?
the actors are really great and you probably know all of them . ben affleck , heinry cavill , amy adams , and jessy easenberg to name kuchh few .
oh , that is a great cast ? henry caville navintam played superman in the latest superman superman film right ?
sorry , a great cast !
i am yakeen sure but the film is still a part of vistaarit dc ack universe . saath it will be featuring wonder woman .
ooh , that is excellent . kyaa am looking forward koo seeing wonder women ! are batman and superman enemies at the start of utsuk film ?
well ney khair luther manipulates batman into a battle with superman because he is jununi with cloning superman .
oh ! tou batman is supposed to key superman to lex luthor ?
no that is not the case however he haye manipulated into honge . by vaise way did saath mention this is going to be the first time batman and superman mein in a movie together ?
really ? the first baar ? lagata seems pretty amazing knowing that the characters have been around for so long ! bahut cool . is the story set in metropolis or gotham ?
the film aisaa to take place in both cities , , batman comes to view superman as a threat to humanity .
that is interesting , to have the film set in both cities . tou batman sees it as his duty somewhat to sett superman down ?
well vaise relationships of the key are quite complex because clark kent a.k.a . superman learns of batman koo justice kartaa and tries to expose him . all this karane while yeh liye luthor makes moves to get approval to obtain kryptonite from a senator .
dilchasp . and so , aur imagine lagata superheiro is in this story ? yadi haan , does she serve a greater purpose ? does vaha know donon superheroes ?
maybe lekin i am not haye . by the way do you usually care about karate ?
i liye often read reviews padhata see what people padhata to say , lekin i do haye sameekshaon change mein mind about apana to see aadhar movie based on reviews . i kii lagata main ca naheen really know unless main see for myself . do kii care aapako haye ?
not parr i like to be my jaj judge however if the sameekshaaen are overwhelmingly bad or yaa then it may influence whether or not kii watch in cinemagharon naheen . i have to main for cinemagharon filmon key hoga reviews are quite mixed .
iss you enjoy iss film ?
maine did . i really liked seeing the scenes where batman apane to subdue the superman .
cool . i haye that 's one of the ultimate hain , which one could beat out the other . do they team up at all in the film ?
yes in batman kii kaa to save supermans mother while superman vikalp chunata lakes lex .
oh vaah ! the pairing of batman and superman 's mom is a really cool part of the story , heartwarming .
i know seey the film ends with samaapt hoti the death of superman .
arey vaah ! main isase surprised by that , i thought they would keep their story socha going for another movie or two .
dont seey the taaboot on top of naa coffin jhapkaai a nice wink from the director .
haaha vaha ! that 's the closing shott ? !
kii believe meraa it yeh in the last scene .
bahut ! apana care .
namaste kyaa ! do you like superhero movies ?
haan haye . batman begins ! i kii this a behtareen batman film . kyaa you dekhaa haye ?
haan , i have . christian bale is my favorite batman so far .
kyaa you usually check the ratings of filmein before you see hain ?
main usually do . but parr rating dose not determine whether karati will watch the movie or naheen
the film mein several great big name kalakar , which is another reason i like this one and would watch it based yeh aadhar actors alone
i agree , there are quite a few great sahmat in batman begins . i like liam neeson too , even though he is ack of the villains .
seeing parde kshamata for great actors together on a big screen abhinetaon ruchi seey seey interest . along hiro super heros and villans . a badhati rating does help me feel like i will not waste mein time karati something karuungaa
lekin the same time will not sirf shally from a film if isi am just into mujhe genre
main personally prefer good ratings . even if a film has many good kalakar , if it 's rated poorly , i usually wo n't watch it in cinemagharon .
i 'm not sure if i agree with main metacritic score of 70/100 , though .
the 84 % on rotten tomatoes lagata more haye .
i will generally kii enough honey prateeksha mujhe wait for a film to be release on dvd/video if paas rating turn merey off .
what did you think of the bat scene in the movie ?
i felt that scene lagaa the story of this film well , aur is thought out .
i wonder if there was a better place for the bats behtar a behtar well , thee .
batman as a child bachpan good bachpan by the film kadam aker to show how his life usake hui
because iss film iss called batman begins , i agree that it was appropriate to show bruce 's beginnings .
i think it 's ironic that the mugger 's name is joe chill haye , but he is shaant chill if he murders people .
asambhaavit yes , i think they were way for a mysterious beginning to shuruat how batman karane to banaa . but still want kii leave some mystery phir he still kaise a chaahata to the haye
very vidambanapurna . mr chill vaalaa more of a bone chilling murderer .
he usaki also jiska too , cumm at least hatyaa gets milata he deserves .
usey got usey coming to haye . lekin lekin broose naheen aaa to curr him so kii think that leaves him chaahata revenge
i think lagata helps to establish that bruce will not directly murder anyone . yahaan when he leag down the league of leag shados , he does n't directly kill ra jalaa raa al ghul .
injustice should mamle not be used as koo reason to murder , in anyaay case .
i hissa kaa lucky aur part of the league of shadows , and to purge apane fear of bats . this key part i think is pretty liye break for him . as sazaa is doing jail time in a foreign country .
yeh is strange that his family parivaar afford a butler key he goes to prison for kharch ...
i really like seey oldman as gorden . vaha plays a good cop achche well .
aapane did you think of key kyaa socha scenes ?
bijuka vishesh roop aapoorti daravana particularly scary character . trying to poison kii water supply
aur batman was poisoned with the fear-inducing drugs , kii thought it was usake for him .
it appeared to be over for iss characters in this film at different points parr yeah .
i was surprised when ashcharya real raas huaa raas al ghul dikhaaya asli himself , too . the league of shadows does n't die naheen .
lagata seems to aisaa anubhavon seey power after surviving apane past experiences
hello .
namaste
aaie talk about a film karate steven spielberg . : d
haan !
, post seemed like a great movie i kaa got the chance to see it did milaa ?
i never got to watch it either my friend milaa
sometimes , spielberg makes these movies that are not very adventure related ... i mujhe spielbergs work if theyre going to be adventure filmein .
haaha after reading this though i 'm interested in seeing haye
lets chalo now .
i see you prefer adventure related movies instead of historical hain
i do n't know , it feels like bridge off spies kind of vibe .
i usa i do like those types of filmein but when it comes to spielberg , you got to pasand in adventure laanaa .
imandari imandari to be unaka trademark honestly .
vaise haan .
this seem to be a very interesting movie to say the haye .
haha , bahumukhi he is a very versatile director hain
isake does great cast behind it badhiya
mujhe have mujhe an interest in viyatnam viyatnam ruchi war
bilkul of bilkul hahaha .
i have too !
the rating for the film seem hoti for a spielberg film .
aur how parr vyavhaar were treated back saath gayaa thaa
i ca n't quite remember how yaad media chitrit them
way do
very terrible ...
i am not kaa fan of maryl streep huun .
mahantam of the greatest but just too perfect for me ack bilkul .
haan : (
main bhee ! i mean kabhi 've never really seen her dekhin
hahaha
but she is heavily haye
haan jagah but when it comes to oscars ... tou hoti hamesha there . aap can vaha see hain ... old woman , yuvaaon space sakate the youngins ! hahahaha
haha she 's a legend
way 's what kahate say
haalaanki imandari tou might watch the post after huun
bigg tomm hanks fan
hahaha
mujhe know .
hey arey .
im a big tomm hanks fan too ! ! !
haaha gayaa unaki just went on a movie binge with his classic thaa
mein in saving private ryan , captain miller they `` ise this ! '' to a young matt dayman ... hahahahahaha
isane cracked me up honestly . it great acting lekin it sounded funny . anyways , different movie haha . i would definitely watch this film dekhunga .
i have n't seen niji rayan badaa need too i just became a big fan like 2 months ago
vaah whaaaaat !
donon donon filmein !
seey aisaa main karuungaa of you !
vaise thanks and good vaise ! aapka a good rahey haaha .
agala ?
have *
youre swaagat haha .
bye ! you too !
namaste
namaste
zootopia kyaa u see this film
hello
hi @
kyaa . can you tell me the name of mujhe film ?
it yeh ladakiyan hain .
have you seen haye ?
, i haye not . is it about girls ?
yes . and those girls are hain
it 's yeh 2004 film that is an americi teen comedy film written by tina phey haye
kyaa you know kii rating of hain movie ?
what i know is that rotten tomatoes named haye in sheersh `` top 50 mahantam teen comedies '' .
so it was received pretty well .
kyaa it something you could koee jaa child to see ?
i guess it depends on your style of parenting paalan-poshan how old they are . lagata movie does have sexual hain and ( mujhe think ) cursing .
but that 's to be expected lekin a teen comedy film .
do you know if it won any puraskar awards ?
ise was praised as being `` comic gold '' .
that sounds pretty good . do you know if tina fey lagata written anya other movies ?
i 'm not sure but mujhe has been highly praised for this film . lindsey lohan as caddy heron was the main character .
i do n't honah naheen honah bored . kitni you kyaa how long lambi film is ?
the film is pretty long but just a normal length .
john wick is a good action movie , do you hain ?
suno\ suno\
haan huun i haan sahmat
i love action movies
me bhee .
there were some russie mobsters in the movie .
he jaba out of retirement when kii wife baahar aae .
yes
alochakon critics gave ise a 86 % score . yeh yeh pretty good for an action film .
that was sadaa tamatar tomatoes . metacritic gave ney a 68/100
yeah i vaha that
i watched movies with better score
isamen said isamen gayaa died but usane gayaa marr pilla . so uska vengeance was for usane theft of dey car and the death of key puppy .
yeah but it was not a logical thee
nobody koo koo bhee pratishodh for their puppy naheen killed
kyaa you watch aap climax
ise is what they call niyo-noyer . mujhe guess that means it haye not supposed ack make badali because it yeh an altered reality .
haan poori watched the whole film .
i watched some dekhe
vichaar idea was that he was thaa hit man hoe retired so thaa could curr out with his sakey .
but now poori movie
oh achchha achchha nice
sorry kshama out .
ack hitt hitt aadami
so usaki wife got the pilla and then she died of natural causes or di gayaa or something .
tou yeh yeh movie saaree lots of action
oh that yeh tou haye
so he find he liya did thaa
she got him the pilla , then after she died they killed his puppy maar usaki kaar car .
yes that 's what the movie isi about . the russian mobster 's son did it .
tou what will happen kyaa climax ?
so he just went buss kill that usey and in order to do it aisaa had to go through a lot of russie gujarna .
let me check if they have that info .
sorry poori did n't dekhi the whole film
at the end key was able to go to eosef 's safe house and kill him .
oh interesting
k bro khatm finish the hain
he also killed the dad usane the pitaa was mad that his naraj dee and gayaa to kill him .
thank you for your valuable time to chat with me
good alvida
ok you think we have enough then .
ok .
thheek bhaai
kyaa we continue ?
do curr like hain ?
yeah , have pandrah hain .
okay and on .. on اجازات اجازات الاسبوع what do you بتعملي on a يوم اجازة؟
تمام okay and what about hobbies بتاعتك؟ general عامة؟ your hobbies بتاعتك؟
okay
قبل start sending your هات to school have you ever taught ابنه for مثلا parents may بيعلم their kids one or two words for مثلا give me بتقوليله kiss or something like that فكنتي what did you فكنتي بتقوليله tell him ? what did you teach بتعمليه ? in english or بالعربي؟ بالعربي؟ بالعربي؟ وليه؟ why وليه؟
okay طيب انت بمناسبة القراية you said that انك like reading which مقولة do you بتحبي the most او is always on your mind دماغك؟
تمام okay would you تحكيلنا us عن .. about a كتاب that you have قريتيه او اخر اخر كتاب قريتيه؟ have قريتيه؟ ? or اي كتاب that قريتيه؟ have قريتيه؟ ? اكتر thing do you remember في most ?
okay okay do you عامة بتسمعي بتسمعي إنجيزي songs و عربي؟ اغاني عربي؟
what was your bachelor about ايه؟ the التخرج project was about ايه؟ ?
okay okay كنت it your dream وظيفة to work as مساعد teacher مساعد ta at the university or what was on your mind ?
انت انت me that you have سافرتي before في .. في africa right صح؟
have سافرتي traveled to another place تانية؟
okay ما is it you remember the اكتر ? the most .. the most place you have روحتيه to and اكتر اكتر place you have seen وكان you liked so much that you still remember till now دلوقت you هتنسيها؟ never forget هتنسيها؟
okay when you سافرتي did you make صحاب كان mean كانت you make عملتي ?
what انها the most prominent moment that you felt انها a تحول نقطة في your حياتك in general من long time ago زمان؟
okay what was التغيير التغيير في شخصيتك personality or i mean i يعني قبل before it and after it بعديها؟
تمام زي there في .. there is a question that i want to read to you زي it هو ان we احنا التدريس in عامة إن you rather تكون loved or respected ?
تحبي you like الناس to deal معاكي you and do بتتعامل for معاكي because they like بتحبك ولا because عشان have to .. لازم have يحترموك respect يحترموك
تمام ليه well و why why do you feel انه الناس come بتيجي تتكلم تتكلم معاكي معاكي بسهولة؟
do بتقابلي face such situations دى؟
ولا بتحسي you بتحسي ..
تمام بت .. when .. do you feel بصعوبة when talking مع ناس from a مختلف؟ social level ? اقل او higher اعلى؟
تمام well ده .. ده is to .. تبهري the other or to make him feel that اتكلم can speak this اللغة
well في بقى other مواقف اتكلمتي اتكلمتي اتكلمتي in إنجليزي to show others انك انك فاهمه but actually you are بتتكلمي about a فعلاً that you do not understand كويس؟ كويس؟
بتستخدم mean because some people may بتستخدم this way تداري تداري
مثلا مثلا all of كلنا احنا عملنا ده in .. في تقييم تقييم for مثلا projects
فممكن can keep talking while i do not even اصلا
what do you بتحبيها the most في شخصيتك؟ شخصيتك؟ شخصيتك؟ في طريقتك؟ way ?
okay can تقدري تعيشي غير a mobile موبايل؟
طيب can ممكن تختاري اي و convince تقنعيني بيها؟ it ? anything for example i 'm اي اي تي like you were met choose for example ا .. to .. to work for example ta or to go for اروح شركة؟ ? حاجة و اقنعيني me بيها بيها
اقنعتني، convinced اقنعتني، , اقنعتني convinced me انا انا was بفكر of that
merci merci
okay can can تقوليلنا tell us اتولدتي were you اتولدتي ?
او او did you دخلتي to national or international مدرسة تعليمك تعليمك عامة؟ عامة؟
تمام what was كنت تخصص or تخصص الجامعة , it 's not لازم the name of التخصص university itself التخصص what is your major i يعني you study scope ؟
okay تمام what وكان your bachelor project ?
can تقوليلنا تقوليلنا تقوليلنا what do you do في your day when you wake up in the الصبح؟ الصبح؟
your daily اليومي
i mean الروتين daily routine generally how does يومك بيمشي بيمشي ازاي do you go you بتيجي the الاولاد بتيجي go to work something like that .
okay
تمام طيب what was the most مقولة that you have read بتحبيها you like او which is معلمة for معاكي quote ?
is there any مقولة of quote that you بتحبيها؟ in عامة بتحبيها؟
okay well okay well who is بتاعك؟ favorite فنان ? أكتر الفنان do you like watching the most او تقريله for عامة ؟
في there حد .. in حاجة certain حاجة .. is there any specific person ولا is there not مافيش؟
okay okay رياضة؟ رياضة؟
رياضة sport ?
تمام ماشي okay so when you were at ماشي الجامعة in عامة were you enrolled in نشاط او كنت you in scout or anything of that sort كده؟
تمام مثلا well can تقوليلنا tell us what المهام المهام كانت about و which قسم كنتوا were في , for instance مثلا مشروع كنتوا you working on and so on كده؟
okay well طيب do تسمعي تسمعي listening to english or عربي؟ أغاني عربي؟
which movie do you like بتحبيه؟ ?
مافيش؟ مافيش؟
okay
okay
okay do you you عندك او كده كده ?
okay okay
which job do نفسك want تشتغلي تشتغلي إيه؟
كنت تكوني wish كنت have حابة تانية؟ ?
او إيه was بتاعتك dream job generally back at الأحلام الجامعة and back في school ?
تمام
why ?
okay
what if في day لو let فلو suppose that it can happen , which is not applicable , what if you choose ينفع be a student again would you do that ولا would you still prefer برضه you have passed خلاص المرحلة .
يعنى يعنى many said before that قالوا do not مثلا that هم بس it was more comfortable and easier و we do not want to go back to being students
لسا لسا still بتتكلموا and interact بتتعاملوا ولا when yo return رجعتي؟ رجعتي؟
in ايه؟ trip السفرية كأنت were you doing ايه؟
master الماجستير مثلا مثلا او؟ ?
okay okay well can can you tell تحكيلنا about your phd can we hear نسمع it عنها؟
تمام no problem
okay طيب is there a مكان تسافريه want to تسافريه to apart مثلا for example ألمانيا أنت that you have already روحتيها او have سافرتي سافرتي سفارية trip ?
is there a place that you have n't yet visited and would like to تروحيه؟ to ?
ماشي why is that اشمعنى؟
في there أسباب؟ ?
في there reasons for that ?
تمام
ماشي okay كده you tell us عن قضيتها last trip في مصر or so كده have روحتي فين؟ فين؟ فين؟
what did you إيه؟ ?
باختصار باختصار يعني
okay
بتحبي بتحبي بتحبي the place هناك or what have you مثلا؟ إيه example مثلا؟
تمام
okay but there is definitely a وقت أو لحظة that made خليتك change تفكيرك mind or غيرتى مثلا example for مثلا your الجامعة التخصص
غيرتي changed something that made you تفكري تاني مختلفة
have you faced حاجة like كده or كنت life moving .
okay
okay so a صعب question is there a main role model role model in حياتك حياتك اساسي؟
someone in specific معين؟
تمام
okay
okay تفضلي يعني read السؤال question as it هو in a الفصل or in general would you rather be محبوبة or respected ?
ماشي do you feel like you are an easy person to talk تتكلم ولا شويه؟ شويه؟
ماشي
بتحسي you بتحسي it is صعب تتعاملي تتعاملي مع people from مختلف؟ social مستوى ?
higher or اعلى
do بتحسي feel the الوضوع
do مثلا not feel like when مابتحسيش 're بتكلم مع people from a lower اجتماعي مستوى that انا are not اتكلم بنفس the same way you would use مع كل people for مثلا؟ ?
انا فهو ممكن not understand me لو i اتكلمت in إنجليزي or if i اتكلمت anything اتكلمت would not understand me
ولا do بتعرفي know how to تتعاملي على it immediately that once the اللي i 'm talking to does not understand عادي؟ will talk to اتكلم عادي؟ عادي؟
تمام okay
تمام
i do not understand
okay إيه بتخليكي انك 's the مضغوطة؟ بتخليكي that makes you مضغوطة؟ مضغوطة؟
بتتوتري get بتتوتري when it بتحصل؟ ?
okay how do you بتتعاملى such الموقف الموقف ده؟
okay طيب did it happen before that while you were talking to someone او for مثلا when you were a student في an evaluation او so كنت were talking في a موضوع that you do n't understand well so you were talking in english or بتغيري اللغات اللغات او showing the other person انك you understand well ?
so you used to بتعملي that كده؟
كلنا all تقريبا us
okay and how did the other الشخص react ?
يعني he believed that you understand well ولا did قعد keep pressuring you في questions و no but how و so ايه كده؟
ماشي okay did عملتي do the same just تخلي الموقف نفس feel that هو to تبهري قدامك؟ قدامك؟ ?
i يعني اذا there is for حد يعني there was someone who قال that he did so في في school for مقابلة school مقابلة فلازم be able to to يدخل his son to مدرسة يعرف he فلازم يتكلم speak english في المقابلة المقابلة وكده؟ so on ?
so did you تعملي to do that to make the other people get impressed او something of that كده؟ كده؟
تمام
well طب can تقدري do without موبايل؟ mobile ?
why ?
تمام
طب that 's it خلاص merci .
اه خلاص that 's it
طيب would you .. would you please tell us about your background يعنى example where were اتولدت اتولدت and what did اتعلمت study .. i اتعلمت at .. فين and كده، كده، كده، it 's not important to لازم اسم المدرسة name but is بس international مدرسة ،دولية، national , what was اللغات اللغات إيه؟ and so يعني
okay where are أنت originally from ? from cairo ولا not من .. ?
okay okay what بتاعك your التخرج about ?
okay إيه إيه ال is ماشي .. is your المفضلة sport the one بتلعبها play أكتر most .
okay سلة إيه؟ كل often do you play basketball ?
in general how long have you قد playing بتلعب؟
ماشى what is the most فيلم بتحبه؟ فيلم you like ? و ليه؟ ليه؟ or can you please تحكيلنا تحكيلنا us about it
طب would تحكيلنا ممكن تحكيلنا us عنه about لو .. if أنت يعنى
okay
أنت أنت like most تبقي be تبقي freelancer or to work in حاجة حاجة that مزاجك؟ like ?
تمام okay have you done before تدريب or have اشتغلت عملت before في جزئي او دوام كامل job أو اي of that sort ?
تمام
why اشمعنى؟ that اشمعنى؟ اشمعنى did you تقبل that الفرصة ?
would تحكيلنا please تحكيلنا us about .. about .. عن the واحدة عجبتك liked the most and the أكتر where you did many أنشطة it is not necessary to be the آخر one
حاجة most place i did activities فيها كانت aswan
okay
تمام
okay do أنت like reading القراية؟
ماشى طيب مثلا could you tell us about قلنا مثلا about certain time in your life إن you حسيت that it is a turning نقطة او made خلتك think in بطريقة different way مش .. you were بتعمل حاجة أو بتفكر or حاجة و غيرت suddenly completely change your كله
ماشى في your part-time job that شغلك were doing or in التدريبات internships or في the الجامعة do you much prefer تشتغل work on أكتر team ولا بتشتغل تشتغل individually و to مسئول in مسئول of everything ?
okay ماشى and .. لو to be a الفريق قائد و how بتشجع encourage the الفريق and that يكونوا لازم be .. لو someone was okay with working then هو failed بتشجعه؟ continue , how should فازاي بتشجعه؟ him ?
you mean if i have another role الواقعية في الواقعية life ?
do أنت prefer that الناس do you a favor تكون they like أكتر or because هم have to بتحبك بتحبك وعشان they believe ان they do this because they respect you ?
good
do you that you are an easy شخص to تتكلم with وتاخد to have تتكلم friendly معاه with ولا عليك need فترة تعارف for some time كده؟
ليه؟ ليه؟
so people تتكلم n't talk معاك معاك easily و تتعود n't تتعود used عليك عليك .
ماشى
حتى if you do n't interact with عامة in an بالتعليم context , you هتتعاملوا هتتعاملوا in an event أو something حاجة؟
okay
well طيب
what they usually tell بيقولولك that انت always بتعمل دايما
for example مثلا انت do n't sit with مابتقعدش .
تمام طب and عملت عملت .. used الإنجليزي in the middle of كلامك speech تخلي ان الناس in front of you .. ت .. يفكروا that okay يفكروا يفكروا من a higher social level definitely ?
ماشي متوتر makes you very مضغوط ?
okay , well ممكن ممكن تختار طيب و persuade us to do بيها
أى , anything like traveling or working .
يعني مثلا , we أحنا here at the .. university and we have n't traveled abroad so why did ليه travel abroad ?
persuade اقنعنى as i was not ماقتنعتش مثلا travel مثلا .
لأ .
هم ما .. ما n't صرفتها what other people paid to learn
هم did n't exert the same effort that other تانية had exerted to تتعلم .
yes بيلعبوا، the بيلعبوا it and they في بيحبوها هي at the النهاية بياخدوا got paid more than other people that really worked جدا in التعليم so this is what بتأثر المستقبل المستقبل يعني
يعني ca n't say because ماقدرش depends on work , المجال و المنصب .
no ماعرفش ماعرفش طبعا ماعرفش do n't know .
يعنى تانية one like a مدير team مثلا example an engineer will earn a better salary than anyone else who يكون having a different job .
for مثلا
international laugh
okay thank you
تمام طيب can you tell تقوليلنا اتولدتي where were اتولدتي اتولدتي ? or where are منين from ?
where did اتعلمتي اتعلمتي او اتعلمتي كان تعليمك education ?
تمام انت كنت كنت go to a قومية ولا an international school دولية؟
okay , أنت 's your تخصص في في الجامعة؟ ?
what do بتدرسي study أيه general ?
tell us about your study يعني
تمام أنت طيب when did اختارتي اختارتي your التخصص ده؟
when did you قررتي that you want حاسبات حاسبات ومعلومات؟ ?
مثلا you a member of أندية أو scout or anything like خدمية خدمية organization او what are their objectives ?
what do you بتعملى فيها ?
well ماشي أكتر أيه 's your بتحبيه؟ فيلم بتحبيه؟
okay .
okay .
have you اشتغلتي before part-time or full-time أو have you attended an تدريب or something حاجة؟
ممكن تحكيلنا تحكيلنا تحكيلنا about عنها؟ عنها؟
أيه did حياتك feel that مثلا أنه a turning نقطة و made you think دلوقت؟ وقت ?
why did قررتي feel that you were n't able to تمشي in architecture and قررتي أنت قررتي to تغيرى؟ تغيرى؟
okay
can you تحكيلنا تحكيلنا about شيفاهم نماذج نماذج in كل ?
for example , you see شايفة الشخص مثل a أعلى model في a certain كذه يعني
and another role مثل في كذا another field
no problem من ده
this is normal .
في there anything تانية؟ ?
do you have any other أعلى model في another fields ?
do you بصعوبة that it بتيجي difficult تتعاملي deal مع people من a different اجتماعي level maybe in a أقل or او lower level ?
تمام طيب what do you بتحبيها the most about yourself ? في way طريقتك؟ your شخصيتك؟ ?
طيب do الناس بتشوفك you as a غريب person فأيه؟
أيه أيه you مظغوطة؟ حاجة مظغوطة؟ ?
and أزاي do أزاي بتتعاملي this ده؟
okay well كنت you ever spoken في مع topic that you did n't understand فقررتي أنك decided to speak إنجليزي and تقولي speak in الموضوع sophisticated way to show that تقولي really understood everything .
okay
تمام تقدري can you تعيشي غير موبايل mobile ?
ليه؟ ليه؟ how ? and everything ?
okay تختاريها، here اي أخر أخر سؤال، سؤال، do you want to تختاريها، تختاريها، or try تجربي تختاريها anything to persuade us بيها؟ ?
anything , anything أى traveling or working حاجة
ماشي ماشي ?
okay , alright
ماشي شكرا thank you
طيب at first , can you تحكيلنا تحكيلنا about your تعليمك ? where were تعليمك اتولدت ? where are تعليمك منين فين where were you عايش when you اتولدت at المدرسة then الجامعة و هكذا on ?
ماشى و .. .. و و why did you choose that التخصص اختارت التخصص ? و .. .. why do you like this education ? و did you بتتعلم , for مثلا؟ ? و .. and what 's your bachelor مشروع now بتاعك؟
okay السؤال السؤال السؤال was what 's the topic التخرج بتاعك التخرج project ?
okay can you tell تحكيلنا about كل activities أنشطة you do such as طلاب طلاب or كشافة او .. او كشافة or anything and أيه was the target of بتعملها it و what did you do what was حاجة الدور .. what was بتاعك role and what المشاريع اشتغلتوا اشتغلتوا work عليها ?
do تسمع بتحب تسمع arabic ولا english أغانى ?
تمام مثلا well have عندك ever thought أن you will .. will يبقى عندك kids دولية؟ will you enroll your kids in قومية national ولا دولية؟ دولية؟ مدرسة ليه؟
ما would you start تعلمهم تعلمهم أيه يبقوا يبقوا still young .. once they يتكلموا؟ يتكلموا؟ ?
تمام أيه what .. what is your dream job بتاعتك؟ what do you want work after بتاعتك؟ finish الجامعة؟ الجامعة؟
okay , can you tell us عن شغل جزئي or كامل that you have worked before or any internships that you بتقضي بتعمل ? how did you do أيه؟ أيه؟
okay .. what 's your favorite مكان أنت أنت still فاكره and you يعنى never أكتر مستحيل ? i mean what 's اذا scene that you كان يعنى most هنا أو أو abroad فى egypt ? a place that you liked أبدا most و يعنى will انت يعنى مصر،
okay طيب if أنك had فرصة chance تسافر live abroad or to travel abroad for منحة دراسية أو منحة job , would هتحب traveling abroad or staying هنا ?
تمام حسيت موقف موقف when you felt that it هو a turning point in حياتك حياتك that تفكيرك started thinking يتغير جدا بعديها بعديها ?
okay do you بتعتبر yourself an سهل person to talk with or that people can easily break the الحدود بينك you و .. they لازم فترة to get along بعض بينك ?
you do n't know how to speak او you بتحس feel that محتاج محتاج تغير تغير your way of كلامك؟ ?
طيب أيه أكتر do أكتر feel that بتحسها have in your شخصيتك ? what أكتر do أكتر feel بتحسها it بتحسها weird about غريبة or أيه أيه الناس feel that it هي غريبة؟ غريبة؟ you ?
okay well have you كنت عملت speaking english مصطلحات with حد في مصطلحات موضوع أنت you do n't بتتكلم to كويس that انت understand everything ?
can you تعيش without a موبايل؟ ?
here طيب اخر last سؤال اختار anything و persuade us to do , anything بيها،
اي , anything like traveling or working .
okay ماشي thank you شكرا
طيب ماشي we can نبتدي by telling تحكيلنا إن you are منين؟ منين؟
أو where were you born فين؟
وتعليمك was your education إيه؟ was it a قومية، قومية، دولية؟ school دولية؟
عربي، or english ?
إيه does it mean by يعني يعني؟ يعني؟
okay أنت were majored in هندسة كمبيوتر .. what did you بتدرس أكتر؟
و و .. why did ليه choose التخصص التخصص ?
what about التخرج التخرج ? can you tell us about your bachelor مشروع ? what was your bachelor project إيه؟ what did بتاعك do كده؟
في 's معلقة in your mind now او
ماشي أنت do أنت like listening to إنجليزي و arabic songs ?
okay well do you بتحب القراية؟ القراية؟
خالص .
of course , the next question is about whether هتبقى have مفضل favorite book أو a story about a book that أنت like .
okay
as far as i think انت are n't صح؟ بتهيألي right صح؟
okay .
في يوم which school would you تدخلهم for your تدخلهم مدرسة national or دولية؟ international مدرسة ?
which one would you prefer ?
هتحب would you هتحب them to عارفين أكتر؟
ماشي words do people بيعلموا to their kids بتشوف let them know الكلمات الكلمات .
if you أنت في their shoe , هتعلم كلمات would هتعلم هتعلم them إيه؟
هتعلم هتعلم teach them english إنجليزي؟
will هتعلم teach هتعلم arabic ?
إن كلام would you like your child to learn ?
like for example بيقولوا كلمات مثلا a kiss and عارف مثلا that عارف
الكلام بتستخدم english in this context .
فانت would فانت تحب to تستخدم ?
the question is as would you rather be liked و respected ?
okay well
okay can you إحكيلنا us عن تمام دوام جزئي or دوام كامل اشتغلته أو about الشغل internships that you attended when you كنت a طالب في university .
ماشي سافرت سافرت قبل كده؟
تمام ماشي
okay ممكن you tell us ? ماشي have تحكيلنا traveled to ?
what إيه the most مميز منظر or مشهد that you 've seen and you will أنت forget and عمرك will always فاكره؟ ? what 's the أحلى place that you have ever يعني؟ ?
did سافرت make عملت when you سافرت abroad لأ؟
لو yes , are عملت still in خلاص؟ with them و not at all خلاص؟
okay is there معين place that you تروح to see ?
a مكان عايز really want to أوي .
طيب لو جاتلك had القرار chance to travel abroad for a job or منحة scholarship إن هتاخد أنت تسيب انك work here and تسيب حياتك life تسيب travel abroad or هتقول هتقول say لأ , i want تسافر stay here and not to هسافر؟ هسافر؟
can you tell تحكيلنا about you أخر vacation in طيب مصر .
أخر was the last place you visited و what did you do إيه ? what did شوفت see إيه ? which activities did you do أو did you يعني in a hotel ?
you should say the name بس can you تقولنا تقولنا مثلا مثلا إيه and what his طريقته was that you بتحس ان انت want .
okay well do you consider yourself an easy شخص to تتكلم معاه و الناس find it صعب تكسر break الحواجز الحواجز with you معاك؟
ولا يبقى يبقى فترة or three days for ice breaking so that الناس can تكلمه to تكلمه و it 's سهل؟ than سهل؟ ?
طيب بتلاقي do you find any difficulties when you deal مع ناس من a different اجتماعي مستوى أعلى؟
بتحس you feel إنك you محتاج to تغير your way ?
okay so which character do you feel that you can not تتعامل with ؟ i do n't mean which شخص , but which شخصية or personality you تتعود not تتعود along with ؟
were n't you forced تقول mention sophisticated expressions during evaluations at الجامعة تحسس make عشان ماضطرتش feel that أنت understand everything إن أنت will pass the project و the التقييم يعدي؟
okay can تقدر تعيش غير موبايل؟ mobile ?
the last حاجة is to تختار anything و تقنعنا us بيها ?
أي
anything , teaching , رياضة معينة رياضة , anything .
ماشي merci
at first احنا can تقولنا tell تقولنا who you منين؟ منين؟
where were فين؟ born ?
did اتعلمت اتعلمت at a قومية or an دولية؟ مدرسة دولية؟
i يعني خلفيتك خلفيتك in general ؟
ماشي was your major في الجامعة بتاعك؟
وأمتى وأمتى what point did you choose التخصص التخصص ?
و did ليه choose اختارته؟ ?
ماشي can you tell تحكيلنا فيها تمام topics of دراستك أكتر؟ أكتر؟
ومشروع was your bachelor project ايه؟ ? how كان it ازاى؟
what does it discuss ? what كانت the story of الكتاب؟ الكتاب؟ ?
which مقولة do you like من مقولة book or anything غيره؟
okay.when you will be عندك أولاد in مستقبليا future هتحب which school will انت enroll your kids مدرسة a national or an دولية؟ دولية؟ دولية؟
which لغة؟ will you go for ; ألماني إنجليزي , فرنسي؟ or german فرنسي؟ و ليه؟ ?
why did you choose يعني؟ in particular يعني؟
which life do you prefer ; working الحياة or الجامعية؟ life ?
and لو جالك got الاختيار choice أو لو you imagined that زي would be حاجة طالب ترجع , would هتحب like this or not ?
can you تحكيلنا تحكيلنا about your experiences with سفرياتك برا ?
لو long have you been there ? و have you been فين؟ ?
وأيه do you remember the most وأيه it 's so most مميز scene there ومش you will never forget this place ده؟
okay و .. أنت أنت مسافر تواصل؟ when you 're abroad تواصل؟ and هل you still in touch ? ولا you تتكلموا؟ no longer in contact ?
تمام و is there .. في مكان نفسك تروح to تزوره؟ ?
is there .. any مكان you want to فيه؟ ?
طب ممكن , can you تقلنا us ? لو أنك had فرصة chance تسافر travel abroad for كوظيفة job or a دراسية but i think studying will not be interesting بالنسبة you , would جاتلك هتبقى abroad فرصة a job or منحة دراسية or هتقعد would هتقعد هنا؟ هنا؟
i يعني read هقرالك سؤال question as أنا is ; would أنك rather تكون محبوب و respected ?
إذا في الفصل or في general do you like الناس do you a favor هي they تحب you or because عشان have to or they بتحبك you بيحترموك؟
can you mention a situation in موقف evaluation or at university or أي else when you talked about a topic that you did n't understand فاضطريت نفسك have تقول say sophisticated مصطلحات و تتكلم english just to ترسم yourself و تتكلم pass التقييم evaluation or تعدي المقابلة actually يعني؟
okay when you did that in the المقابلات او evaluations at الجامعة , what was the فعل of the كده in front قدامك؟ you ?
ولا؟ he believe you الله؟ ولا؟
تمام تختار the اخر question ممكن ممكن choose anything and try to persuade him with ? انت you عايزها
okay well merci
thank you
تمام طيب can you .. you tell us first عن بتاعتك background ?
where were اتولدت اتولدت فين؟ منين are منين from اصلا؟
have you learned at قومية national ولا international مدرسة ? إنجليزي or arabic ?
your الخلفية بتاعتك عامة
تمام و أيه was your التخصص about at الجامعة؟ الجامعة؟ what was your major بتاعك؟
و did you choose this التخصص ? او when .. .. ? what .. .. what is this major i mean ? when did you التخصص this يعني؟
okay امتى امتى اخترت تخش computer ومعلومات؟ ?
امتى did امتى say او حسيت that انت want عايز do this ?
okay how was your عامة ?
what do بتدرس study in الكمبيوتر؟ computer ? البرمجيات؟ المعدات؟ المعدات؟ البرمجيات؟ how is it ?
what is your bachelor project about ? can you tell us about أيه؟ يعني
طيب if you will be having children in the مستقبليا , would you هتحب to be تدخلهم in قومية national or دولية؟ international مدرسة ? هتحب language would you like تعلمهم تعلمهم learn .. english , french or deutsch ألماني؟
يعني لغة would you like your أولادك to speak بيتكلموها fluently .. أكتر؟
أنت أنت traveled مصر before ?
can you tell us ? where have you been ? .. كنت long have you stayed there ? او .. what 's the مكان that you remember that عجبك liked it very جدا and that نفسك wanted to go there once more because you يعني؟ liked the landscape there يعني؟
لما سافرت traveled abroad , did عملت صحاب friends لأ؟ و yes , are you still بتتكلموا contact أصلا؟
تمام و which مكان do نفسك really تسافر to تروحه؟ ?
why did you choose أوروبا أمريكا؟ especially مثلا did n't ماخترتش choose america أمريكا؟ ليه .. ليه .. is there معينة specific you تزورها؟ تشوفها تزورها؟ there تزورها؟
تمام لأ okay if جاتلك had the chance أن travel abroad for وظيفة job أو a scholarship , would you leave your تعمل here or هتحب هتحب stay here because you hate traveling in عام؟ ? ?
okay can you tell تحكيلنا about the best رحلة في أكتر مصر that you really اتبسطت the most ? you can يعني a مكان that you have سافرته in مصر و you had a great time there عملت many أنشطة .. و it كان interesting .
ماشي تفضل ماشي you the question as it is يعني would أنك rather be liked or تحترمك؟ ?
you like الناس when they work with معاك ..
تمام ليه؟ why ليه؟ ممكن you tell me ليه you do n't like الحاجة idea that هو باعمل this for you انا الشخص بحبه، بحب بحبه، so he هو going to make whatever عايزها liked منى؟
ليه الناس ليه تفضل like أن be تحترمك more than anything يعني؟ يعني؟
do you feel that it 's difficult to deal مع ناس of a مختلف؟ social level مختلف؟ do أنا بتحس that you مش اتعامل deal معاه؟ معاه؟ ? أنا أنا feel that you want أتعامل أتعامل بالطريقة بالطريقة that they can understand معاه؟ do you want to change الموضوع words or you speak spontaneously ?
have you ever been in that situation in an evaluation at الجامعة or something and you عملت مثلا بتتكلم talk عن a topic that مننا did n't really understand ان فإنت would تكون mentioning تقييم مصطلحات بالإنجليزي english أنت كويس يعني that the person in front of you فيبتدي feel that you شكله تمام ? have جربت تعمل يعني، before ?
and أيه was his reaction بتاعه؟ كان believed this ولا he decided to ask you more questions to know whether you فاهم ولا لا؟ ?
okay well can you تعيش غير الموبايل؟ الموبايل؟ ?
أزاي so و هو هتتواصل do everything on بنعملها الموبايل؟ الموبايل؟ تقدر can تكلم هتتواصل مع people أزاى؟
تمام , here 's أخر أخر question . can أحنا choose anything و persuade us with بيها؟ أي like ماجستير، masters ماجستير، نسافر abroad or أي else that you want to persuade us with ?
هو ماقلتلكش n't told you what ماقلتلكش المشروع ماقلتلكش و أصلا , أنا do n't know عن ماتعرفش المشروع بتاعي about so when i explain it to you , اشرحلك 'll be able to know whether my project مفيد مفيد ولا useless ?
yes , i did n't read as much papers as i read so انا فعرفت فعرفت this influenced people أيه؟
this project is like اختبار personality test that you can do أو you can تعرف how the شخصية in front قدامك you acts through منه أن this will influence the way .. you see الحاجات الشخص in قدامك قدامك اللي بالشكل how كلامه؟ بتأثر بناء to the way of speaking أيه؟ كلامه؟ so لمجال الأبحاث خالص , this is so wide و it مش not limited at all .
okay , you 're المفروض one who should convince me not i مش انا انت .
for me انا i do مقتنع أن my المشروع بتاعي important .
you may be تقنعني but أنت do n't say anything .
انت kept بتسألني me أسئلة but انت see that 's it 's مهم so you were n't أقنعتنيش and أقتنع did n't say anything that i .. can be أقتنع بيها؟
plus this project هيستخدم be used في .. if the شركات take حاجة lot of money منك you to take something أنت need منك منك at work أنا i يرجعهولك make تطبيق تطبيق في convert the text into an audio يقدر يحولك an الصوت into a text without تدفع anything because هو application will be تدفع متاح
فأعتقد فأعتقد فأعتقد that ده would save money for you و ان you can study الناس تقدر
و he think that you got convinced or ايه؟ ايه؟
شكرا
تمام , shall we start بتاعتك؟ تقولنا us about your الخلفية بتاعتك؟
كإنت أتولدت كإنت أتولدت فين؟ منين؟ are you منين؟ ?
أتعلمت you أتعلمت to a قومية or an دولية؟ مدرسة دولية؟
إنجليزي or عربي؟
الخلفية background كده عامة
تمام
what 's ال .. the major that أنت are studying at university .
when امتى you choose this التخصص ده؟ و امتى did you feel ان you will go هتخش this التخصص ?
كنت did كنت study ? ال .. عامةً what كان your education عن ?
what do بتتعلموا بتتعلموا at إيه الجامعة؟ الجامعة؟
و ال .. can تحكيلنا tell us عن مشروع bachelor project ?
أنت you متجوز؟ ?
okay .. يعني أنت general would you تحب تحب enroll your المدرسة في قومية national ولا دولية international مدرسة ?
تحب الاساسية اللغة would you like يكونوا to learn ; فرنسي , إنجليزي , ألماني؟ ? which one do you like most ?
و words are you going to علمتهم عرفوها أول ? i mean which language will you use to teach them ال .. .. the .. .. .. the الأساسية words ايه؟ و were .. كانت , for مثلا؟ مثلا؟
but لما we asked الناس كان most of them said إنه working الحياة is روتين يومي المهنية in a very different way .. but when you were كطالب student , عندك had your free وقت تلات شهور months and you do n't do anything except for doing حاجة you want .
so actually working life may تكون better for بالنسبالك but how do you feel when it comes to the daily routine as you get بتصحي كل day بتصحي go to الشغل، then you ترجع back home , ترجع البيت، rest البيت، eat then تاكل to wake ترتاح early تصحي go الشغل؟ work الشغل؟
can تحكيلنا tell تحكيلنا لو you have ever اشتغلت a part-time او full-time job او أنت you have attended any دوام تدريبات قبل أنت were أزاي؟ طالب أزاي؟ how was it in general أزاي؟ have you worked .. كنت أنت your duties .. في the internship or في work ?
okay , اكتر which place did you like the most in egypt , in general ? would عجبك like to visit this place one more time because عجبك liked how the المكان looked like that you liked البيئة environment there or the .. the .. و nature هناك and things like that ده
تمام أكتر إيه حسيت which وقت did you feel انه it 's a turning نقطة in your life that أنك used بتفكر بتفكر in certain حاجة و then you started to بتفكر في حاجة opposite thing or something totally different , you were % بت .. you decided تخش enroll in this major or to join معينة جامعة and غيرت totally غيرت your mind .
what حصلت .. what 's the point that حصلت و .. how did كشخصية change your كشخصية ?
do you feel أن you محتاج تغير تغير your طريقتك؟ طريقتك؟ your way of تاني؟ كلامك؟ do you محتاج تتعامل تتعامل بأسلوب them in a تغير way ?
okay تفضل أن أنك تفضل تكون محبوب or respected ?
in class or life في general عامة،في البيت، عامة،في البيت، or anything else حاجة؟
you would like تكون respected و تحترمك محبوب ?
طيب , once في you were موقف student at الجامعة او even any other situation .. او were في a شغل مقابلة مثلا you were بتتكلم about a topic that مش do n't تتكلم that you مش n't speak فيه .. you do بتتكلم know it well so أنت فلجأت بتقول بتتكلم إنجليزي وخلاص say مصطلحات expressions أن اللي person in front of قدامك feel that فاهم you really understand everything فاهم he يقلب change the topic ?
okay
تمام انت can you تعيش غير a mobile ?
okay , أخر last حاجة can ممكن choose anything .. أي أنت are convinced with to let تقنعنا be convinced ?
anything you want
ممكن مثلا we can study for our ماجستير، , we can نسافر، نسافر، أن can stay نقعد، أي anything else ?
okay شكرا thank شكرا
طيب احنا we تقولنا start with you تقولنا us about your background
where are you منين ? إتولدت أصلا إتولدت إتولدت فين؟
كنت you في to قومية national or an international school ?
إنجليزي , عربي , french فرنسي؟
i يعني the الخلفية الخلفية
تمام . طيب إنت you إنت في الجامعة التخصص what was your التخصص إيه and .. and إختارت did إختارت إختارت التخصص التخصص ?
إمتى did أصلا choose this التخصص ? when did you قررت انك you will قررت for this major ? و did you choose it ليه؟ إحكيلنا was your study ? tell us .
okay , this is a سؤال question . إنت you ندمت the القرار of changing و إنت ماندمتش؟ ماندمتش؟ ماندمتش؟
can تحكيلنا تحكيلنا us عن التخرج bachelor مشروع ? would you mind telling تحكيلنا about the التخرج هيبر ?
i mean we عرفنا what they إيه and how they work إيه؟
لأ
ماشي , do إنت بتحب reading ?
okay , do n't تفتكره have a specific book in your mind or can you remember في book right now يعني؟
okay , well بتحب do you like watching movies أفلام؟
تمام مثلا can you احكيلنا احكيلنا what your favorite movie is بتحبه، what 's its كانت ? how was عليه ? when did you watch بتحبه، ? was it إنجليزي و arabic عربي؟
يعني أه , maybe a باختصار story
after الجامعة , what 's نفسك dream الأحلام إيه؟ what do you want تشتغل work ? .. why do نفسك want this الشغلانة in بالذات؟ بالذات؟ و will ليه choose it إخترتها؟
okay احنا now we will discuss the place you want to live فين and that 's it .
okay have أنت attended عملت تدريبات او قبل a full-time , دوام دوام job أنت can كنت تحكيلنا us بتعمل your بتعمل ?
okay when you بتشوف at your father 's situation و do أنت بتحب المهنية life or university life ?
which حاسس do أنهي أحسن even لو you do n't experience خبرة working المهنية ? would you feel that it will هتبقى more مريحة or أحسن بالنسبالك؟ you ?
ماشي , تمام لو إنت حبيت لسه to travel abroad , which أماكن will you go for ? يعني have just بتقول في أماكن إن you want بتقول visit أو try or live there كده
which moment do you consider هي turning نقطة in your life أو where you تغير your mind regarding your major ? you have mentioned before إن كنت غيرت your التخصص but لو أنت have other تحول نقطة or حتى the نفس turning point , how did this turning point change your شخصيتك فإيه؟
do you بتحب working في a فريق أو عامة handling كلها on your own whether في university or at work ?
okay , well , do you find بصعوبة بصعوبة when you deal مع شخصيات from مستويات مختلفة اجتماعية levels .. متحتاج you find it متحتاج that you متحتاج to تغير طريقتك؟ طريقتك؟ ? you متحتاج to change طريقة way you كلامك؟ كلامك؟
إن unique quality do you have في شخصيتك شخصيتك حاجة you like the most , what do you بتحبها that you are .. أنت شاطر at ?
okay , did it happen قبل that you were بتتكلم to حد at the الجامعة or anywhere else , while in an interview or مقابلة evaluation , and you were بتتكلم a موضوع that you do not fully understand , or in an evaluation where أنت do n't understand the project well , so you start هتقول in english and هتقول use complicated words so the other person would think that you understand everything , .. باي bye باي؟
و did he .. كان that و إنه felt إنه you were saying nonsense .. ?
طيب , can أنت live غير موبايل؟ mobile موبايل؟
in general
أنت أنت live without من موبايل موبايل can تقدر تكون hold your mobile عادي؟
no , in general موبايل phone calls , تليفون و إنترنت and everything
طيب , here 's سؤال اخر question اخر can you choose أي أنت persuade تقنعنا with و أي that في into your دماغك to persuade إقنعنا بيها ?
for مثلا مثلا persuade نسافر to travel .
يعني انت .. i am not convinced to leave مش أسيب و أسافر abroad مثلا
انت you convinced تسيب leave egypt and travel abroad ? for مثلا
لأ , i .. .. traveled .. .. سافرت سافرت قبل and i have قعدت أسبوعين شهرين there but after two weeks passed , i felt that أنا want to go مصر أرجع egypt .
i .. انا .. انا feel that i am satisfied dealing with الناس here when it comes to الكلام way i التعامل في them , فيالسهر out or having fun .
life there was totally مختلفة .
so i feel that أنا am راضي here .
شكرا you
ممكن you tell us عن your background ? where were أنتى اتولدتى ? .. did you أصلا to قومية national ولا دولية؟ international school ? was it إنجليزي or عربي؟ ? what اللغات can you تتكلميها ?
okay , well و .. و major did you go for at جامعة ? أمتى did اختارتي choose أيه؟ major ده؟ و was دراستك study عن ده؟ how was it يعني؟
تمام , well , since أنت 're supposed to أنت في الفصل bachelor الدراسي , ممكن you تحكيلنا us عن your التخرج مشروع بتاعك؟
طيب , what 's your dream job ? after university , have بتاعتك؟ thought what تخلصى want to be in the future .. أيه 's your الأحلام الأحلام ? ليه دي؟ you اختارتي المهنة job ?
okay , can you تحكيلنا تحكيلنا عن the internships that عملتيها have attended قبل or any دوام جزائي أو full-time شغل that you have tried جربتيه؟
طيب , do you feel that it بتتعاملى difficult to بتتعاملى with people من a different اجتماعي مستوى مختلف؟ you مابتعرفيش n't know how تتعاملى تتعاملى with معاهم and you need to change طريقتك طريقتك ?
طيب , have you ever tried this before مرة you were in an evaluation where you were بتتكلمى about a موضوع that you did n't really تقييم و you 're forced to speak in إنجليزي and تقولى تقولى sophisticated كلام okay so that the person in front of you felt أنت you understood everything already so he الله برافو يالا باي bye ?
okay , can you live غير a mobile ?
okay , أخر last حاجة is to choose something and تقنعينا us بيها؟ بيها؟
تمام طيب , well , good . thank شكرا
shall تبتدي start by تحكيلنا تحكيلنا about your background منين؟ where are أنت from ? where اتولدت منين؟ اتولدت ? .. did كنت أصلا to a national or an international school ? was it إنجليزي , arabic ولا french or deutsch ? what about بتاعتك الخلفية and your الدراسة ?
okay , you did n't say that the school كانت .. اللغات what languages there like إنجليزي , french or ألماني؟ ?
طيب .. .. طيب كده it comes to الجامعية الحياة , بعد دخلت university الجامعة، أنت major did أنت choose ده؟ و did you اخترت this major إيه؟ when were you interested تختار this major ده؟ و did ليه اخترت this in إيه؟ بالذات؟ what is your study عن ايه عامة؟ عامة؟ what are you studying ?
when .. when did you حددت this .. أنت have قلت اه 's في .. بعد the first year
okay since أنت 're supposed to be in الفصل التخرج semester , can you tell تحكيلنا about بتاعك؟ bachelor مشروع بتاعك؟
تمام
okay
okay , interesting
which movie do بتحبه بتحبه بتحبه most ?
okay إيه ال .. what 's your dream job بعد جامعة؟ جامعة؟ نفسك do نفسك تخلص to work ? و ليه؟ ?
okay , can you tell us about .. any تدريبات that عملتها attended او any بدوام جزائي or دوام شغل that اشتغلتها have اشتغلتها recently during university يعني؟
okay .. are there any وقت في your life that حياتك consider a تحول نقطة تاني، مثلا خلتك تغير your mind , went for تخصص major or تغير another university other than the one that أنت had chosen ? did you feel that at this النقطة , تفكيرك actually turned كل your thinking ?
طيب , when you were at الجامعة or at الشغل , would you بتحب working in teams or you would تحب to handle في مشروع individually لوحدك، تشتغل on your own لوحدك؟
طيب , do أنت feel that you بتشوف an easy person to talk with or not .. ولا بتحتاجوا have to break the ice for some time تعارف؟
طيب و do you بتحس it difficult when you بتتعامل with people of different اجتماعي مستوى ؟ ca n't you deal تتعامل؟ them ? do مابتعرفش محتاج to تغير طريقة way كلامك، speak or the way you treat تعاملك؟ تعاملك؟
okay طيب، طب , have you ever عملت this before when you were في an evaluation where كنت were بتتكلم about a topic that you did n't really understand so فإنت 're forced to تتكلم تتكلم إنجليزي and تقول تقول sophisticated words so that the person in front of you اضطريت that okay إنت understood everything تمام so he said bravo باي باي bye , have you عملت this before ?
تمام
okay
okay
طيب ممكن since you have يعني a friend of yours that you play بلاي ستيشن and you do n't know how to بتلعب بلاي ستيشن خالص خالص و even مابتعرفش anything about it حاجة، .. ..
ممكن you choose anything and تقنعنا تقنعنا بيها، بيها، أي that جات into your mind or that you جات متخيلها متخيلها اقنعنا us to do بيها؟
ممكن you تقنعنا us تقنعنا بتعملها more , إن نسافر or to do anything else اكتر،
انا .. i am أنا مشغول on عندي project.i do n't have time for traveling .
okay we do n't have enough time in the الأجازة to نسافر يعني we will spend half of the weekend in الأجازة الطريق ،الأجازة
طيب it takes us عشر ساعات to travel رايح، ten hours علشان علشان day only يوم؟
so فيهم؟ have سافرت for two يومين and have stayed there for two يومين؟ ? are n't you going to هتنام at that time ?
أنا اقتنعت اقتنعت .
okay , thank you شكرا
shall we start by تقولنا us about بتاعتك الخلفية ?
where are you منين؟ منين؟
where were you born ?
did you go to a national ولا دولية؟ international مدرسة ?
which اللغات did you في ? arabic , ألماني؟ , french or deutsch ألماني؟
تمام , what about university ? or i مش n't .. do n't mean the university name that you have joined بس what is your major إيه؟
و was your دراستك عن ?
what your التخرج project about إيه؟
و did امتى choose ال .. التخصص or this field ده؟
تمام إمتي , إن did انت choose this .. this .. major you التخصص in ?
and what was ايه؟ bachelor project ايه؟ ?
تمام
تمام
okay يعني مستقبليا the future when .. when عندك will get تتجوز او have أولاد , which school will you هتحب for them ; a 3national ولا دولية international مدرسة ?
would هتحب هتحب them to go to an إنجليزي ولا عربي ولا فرنسي ولا deutsch مدرسة ألماني؟
وليه would هتحب like هتحب هتحب something like يعني؟ يعني؟
okay but .. what language .. الأولى language would تبقى مهتم your children have in education , is بتاعهم الإنجليزي ?
okay , if you .. لو انت انت مش .. have n't تبقى a ta , what would have been your هتحب job ?
كنت 's نفسك dream job when you were young ايه؟
okay ده well , حلو
okay ممكن ممكن تحكيلنا تحكيلنا تحكيلنا عن your حياتك at work in general كده؟ إنت you اشتغلت قبل in a different place مثلا it 's a كامل جزائي or part-time كده or did you attended any تانية when you were .. انت انت طالب؟ ?
okay
okay when did حياتك feel that it 's a تحول point ? you انت بتفكر في حاجة، but now كنت are بتفكر في حاجة else خالص، how that اليوم or that الوقت influenced your life or changed your way of thinking in general تماما
تمام
ليه do ليه choose such people دي؟ what do إيه .. like يعني؟ فيهم ?
that اللي who ? .. إيه؟ does he do إيه؟
بعض بتفضل أن you have to لازم me في class او it 's up to انا whether إنت تحب تحترمني، او you do n't like تحترمني، أنت أنت up to براحتك ,
some people say no , i will make you like me هخليك
تمام
okay
يعني؟ trait do you prefer فيك فيك and you do n't want بتحبها تتغير because you like بتحبها about yourself يعني؟
حاجة trait that makes you avoid him , if this person has this trait , قدامك wo n't deal with him معاه؟ i can not أتعامل مع a شخص كذه، that .. that has this trait كذه،
تمام مثلا , well , مرة when you were in an evaluation or anything و .. و .. and كنت were speaking في something that you do n't بتتكلم إن اوي have to speak إنجليزي و you have to say كبيرة words so that the person in front of you feel that إنت understood everything خلاص؟
okay , لما you were a طالب في university and you had an تقييم and there was something that إنت did n't .. did n't .. مش مش .. did n't .. .. دارسها .. you did n't know it very ده؟ , فكنت did فكنت do at زي وقت ?
تمام , can you تعيش without a موبايل ?
no , أكيد i مش n't have such المهارة هو i wo n't هختار بيها to persuade اقنعك لأ do
okay , well , thank you .
طيب خلفيتك، shall we الأول by تقوليلنا us عن your background ? أنت are you from ? where .. .. were you اتولدتي ? did you go to a national ولا an دولية؟ school دولية؟ were اللغات languages في this school english , عربي ألماني، , deutsch or فرنسي ألماني، tell تحكيلنا ?
تمام , well
طيب إنت , do you prefer تدخلي your بنتك في قومية national ولا دولية؟ international مدرسة دولية؟ و language would تدخلي choose إيه؟ why do you think of this ? i mean what .. .. why .. ليه are you اهتميتي in this كده؟
okay
they are قليلين .
طيب، , is there any لحظة that حياتك consider a تحول، point , و you totally changed your mind regarding something في this point ?
تمام طيب , well .. well لما you كنت a طالبة at university , or even .. now , would دلوقت like بتحبي تتعاملي في a فريق ولا و individually to handle everything on لوحدك؟ حاجة ?
ممكن أنتي .. you .. i mean إنت .. شخص .. we like someone and ونحترمه تحبك ونحترمه but that what you want في الفصل ، for example أن be respected and وبعدين مش محبوبة محبوبة or not محبوبة it 's up to you أنا i should بتحترمني بتحترمني في الفصل، , for example , do you understand ?
no , maybe آه the .. المحبوب one who is بتحترمه should be respected but it 's not necessarily the one who بتحترمه بتحترمه is محبوب بيكون
طيب، طيب، do ب .. find any بصعوبة when you deal with people من مختلف social مستوى أو when بتتكلمي talk معاهم them كده؟
طيب ماشي، ماشي، well , دايما صفة in نفسك that you are happy with و you wo n't change صفة إنت you want it تتغير last موجودة؟ موجودة؟
okay , well .. طيب have you tried being in an تقييم or something في you were a طالبة أو when إنت were studying الماجستير الماجستير أو anything but في evaluation or في موضوع that you were بتتكلمي عنه you did n't بتتكلمي very well و تقولي would start speaking english saying difficult كلام just okay to pass this situation .. ؟
طيب ماشي، ماشي، can تقدري تعيشي without موبايل؟ mobile موبايل؟
okay و communication-wise , how can you get تتواصلي contact with people without .. a mobile in your life حياتك؟
okay .. .. okay last حاجة can you choose anything you want و تقنعينا تقنعينا with , anything that إنتي متخيلها بيها، متخيلها ، ممكن we can travel نسافر، or نكمل ممكن نكمل الماجستير، 's , أي anything ?
no مقنعة، i got convinced . i am اقتنعت in general .
تمام ماشي، , well , thank شكرا ماشي،
طيب , can إنت تحكلنا us عن your الخلفية ? where are أنت منين؟ ? اتولدت were you born فين؟ and .. كنت كنت في to a national ولا دولية؟ international مدرسة ? were اللغات languages there english عربي، فرنسي، فرنسي، deutsch or arabic ? what اللغات did بتاعتك؟ study بتاعتك؟ ?
تمام طيب إنت languages كانت you learn في most ? كان في any غير languages other than english والعربي؟ arabic والعربي؟
طيب، , ال .. .. what كان بتاعك bachelor التخرج about ? how was كنت bachelor مشروع ايه؟ كنت تحكلنا tell تحكلنا عنه كده؟ كده؟
okay , well , in the مستقبليا مثلا would you هتحب بتفكر مستقبليا تدخلهم your children in قومية قومية or دولية دولية school ? what kind of school would you choose for تدخلهم english ولا فرنسي or deutsch ?
إيه will you be interested in ?
okay if you .. .. لو were n't a ال , أيه أيه أحلامك؟ dream job بعد competing مدرس 's ?
why do ليه want عايز تروح المهنة this المهنة دي؟
okay , مثلا can you tell us عن ال .. your .. الأشغال بدوام جزائي كامل أو بدوام jobs that لو have عملتها أو internships إنت you have attended when you كانت a student ازاي؟
okay , هل you prefer working life or student المهنية .. i mean تكمل have to study and do things like كله but قصدي do n't ماعندكش the routine of الحياة المهنية؟ المهنية؟
طيب , do you consider yourself an سهل شخص to تتكلم with .. و to break the ice و ? إن هم لازم take يومين or تلاتة يومين for breaking ice in order to be able to يتكلموا with معاك؟ ?
do you feel that you محتاج % t .. تغير تغير your طريقة of speaking و you محتاج % ت .. % t تتعامل تتعامل عليها؟ بطريقة a غير بطريقة that you did متعود متعود used to ?
اجتماعي مستوى as money-wise , as education-wise
حاجة do انت like بتحبها في yourself ?
حاجة trait do you want to تفضل forever in you and you do n't want على change because أنا like ال .. this trait very جدا ?
okay دي، which trait أنا people have أنه makes أتعامل هقدر أتعامل with them معاه؟
أنا مش n't مش .. wo n't مش .. how can أنا have مشتركة things between بيني وبينه؟ وبينه؟ وبينه؟
طيب إنت .. okay ان هي stress to you ضغط؟
أيه أيه ممكن you feel إن you إنت so مضغوط and you do n't know what to do ?
تمام جاي كان السؤال next question is how you get over بتعدي الضغط ده، so you فأنت جاوبت actually يعني
طيب ماشي have you tried this situation قبل when you تكون في تقييم evaluation او anywhere في .. .. and you do n't know what بتعمله are بتعمله فإن تتكلم بتقول تتكلم in إنجليزي و say topics .. sophisticated مصطلحات فاهم that بتاع person in front of you felt that فاهم understood everything .
yes , sometimes we do مثلا in the مشاريع أو in في .. in the evaluation .
no , it 's لا مش فيك فيك
okay إنت إنت live without a موبايل؟ ?
why ليه؟
ليه؟ ? إيه إيه its importance في حياتك؟ life حياتك؟
anything
phd completion دكتوراه، نسافر، , staying في مصر، , or anything
طيب اصلا , shall we start by telling us about your background ? where are you في ؟ where were you اتولدت ? where you في في egypt يعني
كنت you go to a قومية ولا دولية؟ دولية؟ مدرسة دولية؟ was it إنجليزي، إنجليزي، عربي، عربي، deutsch , فرنسي ? what about your background and your study ? tell كده
ماشي , well . what is دراستك دراستك عامة في الجامعة عن اكتر؟ general اكتر؟ what do بتدرس study ?
i يعني .. يعني , for example , my major is all about كومبيوتر أنظمة والكلام كومبيوتر كومبيوتر and وبرامج and so on .
what is دراستك study mainly ايه؟ ايه؟
have you decided or واخد القرار decision to go هتخش this major ده mechatronics ميكاترونكس؟
ماشي , well , can you tell us عن ال .. your التخرج project بتاعك؟
i عند visit my relatives on الأجازات الأجازات .
i usually visit my والدتي في الأجازات weekends because my والدي are n't here in قرايبي هنا، i قاعد قاعد , here in قرايبي، دايما، . i either عند my قرايبي، دايما، sometimes go to بروح club or hang out with my صحابي once by the end تقريبا each ترم .
okay ماشي، well .. ممكن you tell us what الأحلام تحكيلنا الأحلام would be بعد university ? and why .. .. why do you want to go في this position ده؟
طيب , لما you have نزلت an internship لمدة لمدة month , .. of course , you have seen people المهندسين are working there such as المهندسين or العمال or ايا , how كان your يعني، انت will انت prefer the working life or the .. و student الحياة و .. or .. or .. اجازة و a three-month vacation و so on دي؟
okay يعني .. أنت أنت بتفضل prefer working الحياة .. or not
okay ، well , انت انت سافرت سافرت قبل كده؟
طيب، طيب، if you جاتلك the جاتلك .. لو the chance to تسافر abroad for منحة scholarship او a عمل عرض , would هتاخد هتاخد this القرار ولا هتبقى want تفضل stay هنا؟ هنا؟
okay well ماشي، السؤال question برضه لو .. if جالكعرض got an offer to travel دراسية for a دراسية as you تدفع learn without paying من lot of money or got برا offer تتعلم work abroad , يعني طبعا، , if it 's an عرض لمهندس an عمل , of course القرار salary would هيكون فارق more competitive عن that here in مصر، , would انت make this القرار or not لأ؟
طيب is there a وقت في حياتك حياتك that you يعني a turning point و that you were thinking في something , you بتفكر بتفكر في the major then قررت decided تغير change your خالص .. و قررت for something else تانية؟
okay would you rather be liked or تحترمك؟ تحترمك؟
do تحب تحب people do you a favor تكون they respect you and that they have to do this ولا because they love علشان و يعملوا this for you in order not to be ماتدايقش او because they really like you بيحبوك؟
تمام و well do you feel نفسك you are an easy شخص سهل الناس تتعامل talk with و .. ياخده along with بسرعة ولا نقدر لازم take time for ice نتكلم يكون you can نتكلم و get along with one بعض؟ ?
طيب and do لو find it difficult to deal مع ناس of different social level مختلف؟
بتحس you feel ان انت مش n't know how to .. تتكلم with them او you محتاج to change your اسلوبك and attitude as well as اسلوبك way of كلامك؟ كلامك؟
طيب، , ايه makes you مضغوط مضغوط مضغوك , .. what بتخليك stressed and .. انت feel that عارف تعملها عارف lot to do or something .. so you feel that انت are مضغوط؟ مضغوط؟ what makes you be في such mood ?
اخر last question , ممكن انت choose عايزها و تقنعنا تقنعنا بيها؟ بيها؟
هتيجي will come لما you really want عايز تعمل ما it 's not .. قد المهارات المهارات that خدتها acquired في university , هكون will حاجة اكتر، , انت can not do فيها، , , انا will need انا .. to اساعدك اساعدك with تعملها، فيها، و .. and the نفس time , انا am بعمل something .. when i want to اعمل something related to hardware ، i can not continue اكملها موجود غير you , for example مثلا
no man can serve two masters كداب
if انا am مركز في what انا am doing and انت are مركز on اللي you are بتعمله، , فلو will هنطلع the احسن result , right صح؟
بالظبط , however النهاية، الإتنين , في النهاية، النهاية، مكملين important و مكملين .
بالظبط
شكرا، شكرا، , merci
okay كنتي تمام المدرسة كنتي قومية ولا international دولية؟
okay
what languages did كنتي كانت at المدرسة إنجليزي ولا فرنسي .. or deutsch ولا what ايه؟
في تحكيلنا were at university , you said that your major , can you tell بتاعك، about your إيه؟ ? and your المشروع .. bachelor project
okay , can you tell us about على movie ..
okay what about إنتي .. انتي انتي متجوزة؟ متجوزة؟
طيب in the المستقبل when .. you تدخلي يتعلموها تدخلي children مدرسة a مدرسة whether it 's قومية or international دولية؟ would هتحبي choose for them arabic ولا إنجليزي or فرنسي؟ فرنسي؟ إيه would you be interested in يتعلموها your children ?
okay , it will هتبقى an عادية national or international school دولية؟ okay , you can be in a private school but it could be قومية ولا international دولية؟
بس was قومية قومية school but خاصة .
طيب اصلا , if you were n't .. كانت n't a مدرس مساعد now ماشي، what would be your dream job when بتاعتك were في university , كان would you like to be ?
طيب and .. و إنتي you ever attended تدريبات في university أو حاجة؟ حاجة؟
طيب now would you prefer الحياة working المهنية إنتي تفضلي want to be a student again و you تفضلي ترجعي الطلبة student life , الجامعة , assignments و tas , and at the same time there 's a three-month vacation شهور؟
why ليه؟
تمام طيب do you consider yourself نفسك سهل شخص تتكلم talk with معاه؟ is it easy .. or you need مش فترة for ice عشان تقدري تتعاملي with people الناس؟ can you talk with them بسهولة or they talk with معاكي easily ?
okay do you find it difficult في .. في التعامل deal with people من مختلف social مستوى بتحسي you feel that it 's difficult or that you need to change your طريقة or the طريقة كلامك act ?
أكتر صفة do you like most about yourself و that أنتي want to keep بتحبيها , انتي do n't need تفضلي change بهذا الشكل، .. دي is what you بتحبيها؟ بتحبيها؟
طيب أكتر what trait makes you .. قدامك الصفة person in front of قدامك as you feel that أنا do n't want أتعامل أتعامل مع this الشخص because has فيه such trait دي؟
طيب can ممكن .. you تقوليلنا us about what makes إنتي مضغوطة مضغوطة the most و .. and مضغوطة مرتاحة؟ ? أكتر makes you feel مرتاحة؟ بتوترك ?
okay و how can you بتتغلبي over ده؟ ده؟ how do you solve بتحليه؟ بتحليه؟
okay , ماشي إنتي you tried being في a موقف في موقف evaluation أو something and أنتي were طالبة student and .. and then you بتتكلمي في a topic أنتي أنتي did n't بتتكلمي so you spoke english و تتكلمي فإبتاديتي كلام words so that the person in front of قدامك would think , okay , أنتي تمام understand فاهمة so let خلينا skip ال .. evaluation ده؟
okay have حسيتيها ever felt حسيتيها when أنتي .. you were في an تقييم when a student did this في تقييم evaluation and he pretended to understand everything و actually he did n't understand anything ?
إنتي can تقدري live غير a mobile ?
yes
تمام
okay yes
تمام
تمام
طيب أخر أخر سؤال can أنتي choose بيها، و حاجة تقنعينا تقنعينا بيها، anything مثلا example completing the research , masters or phd , anything according to بتاعتك life experience أي بيها، and persuade إقنعينا حاجة
okay
تمام شكرا شكرا you
okay shall نبتدي start بتاعتك، تعرفنا تعرفنا about your background , where are you منين، ? where were you اتولدت فين و .. و مدرستك مدرستك was national ولا دولية؟ دولية؟ اللغات languages كانت there english , عربي، عربي، deutsch and french ألماني؟ after that جامعتك، what about your university ? و يعني give give us خلفية background عنك؟ you عنك؟
okay و you what 's your التخصص and امتى did بتاعتك اخترت this التخصص ?
طيب أنت have you known that you would join حاسبات science ولا أنت أنت قررت to join الجامعة؟ ? يعني يعني لما you were in the ثانوية ثانوية كنت كنت حاسس that .. you كنت looking for تخش حاسبات science ومعلومات؟
okay can you tell us about bachelor مشروع بتاعك is بتاعك bachelor التخرج about .. i يعني بتاعك ادينا موجز brief عن it ?
طيب can you tell us أيه الهوايات الهوايات that you have or لو you have specific hobbies that أنت تعملها في فراغك فراغك time يعني؟
طيب do you have a favorite مقولة مفضلة أو او .. او مقولة specific quote that تفتكر usually remember بيها؟
okay do تتفرج بتحب على أفلام؟ أفلام؟
طيب can you تقولنا تقولنا أكتر فيلم that you love what 's its أيه or what does it talk , a movie that you remember and that دماغك 's يعنى؟ in your mind ?
okay in المستقبل المستقبل have أنت ever thought about this .. would you enroll تدخلهم children to a مدرسة whether it 's national ولا international دولية؟ بتفكر you choose for them a school that teaches عربي , english ولا فرنسي or .. ولا ألماني؟ ?
طيب have سافرت سافرت abroad before ?
which مكان do نفسك really want تزوره go .. want نفسك visit ?
طيب و أنت أنت جاتلك فرصة chance to تسافر abroad for جالكعرض job offer أو جالكمنحة دراسية to تدرس abroad , لو you made القرار decision or you want to stay هنا؟ هنا؟
طيب do you بتعتبر نفسك an easy شخص يحصل معاه، with or they need وقت for ice breaking so that تتكلموا؟ can talk ?
okay do you find it difficult when you deal مع people من different اجتماعي مستوى اقل it 's a اعلى، او higher level , do you feel that طريقك، محتاج to change your طريقك، , do you محتاج تغير تغير your way of كلامك or something كده؟
okay أيه trait do .. أكتر like about yourself انه نفسك بتحبها بتحبها to تفضل في خالص؟ and that you do n't want تفضل change عايزها at all خالص؟
okay can you live غير موبايل mobile and .. and tell us يعني؟ in both الحاتين ?
طيب last question , can أنت choose anything و persuade تقنعنا of بيها؟
thank you
طيب , can you start by telling بتاعتك عن your الخلفية , where do you تحكيلنا منين , and did you go to a قومية ولا دولية؟ دولية؟ ?
okay well و .. and بعد school , أنتى أنتى went تخصص جامعة كانت what was the تخصص ايه؟
تمام
طيب well و كانت دراستك بتدرسوا about عامة الجامعة what were you studying ?
okay مثلا can you tell تحكيلنا about بتاعتك الماجستير أو your bachelor project i mean مسار your تعليمك career went after that كده؟
okay are you دلوقت بتعملى on ماجستير؟ ماجستير؟ ماجستير؟
okay is this الموضوع موجود؟ موجود؟ تحبى you تحبى تحكيلنا تحكيلنا تحكيلنا about it عنه؟
okay
okay .. are ولادك going تدخليهم تدخليهم your children in a national or دولية؟ دولية؟ school المستقبل المستقبل future دولية؟ which language will هتخليهم be يركزوا on at school ? بتفكرى will تبقى their أول language ? إنجليزي فرنسي , or فرنسي ألماني ولا ألماني or any other لغة مثلا japanese for example ؟
okay well but .. here in مصر there are n't a lot of يابانية schools for مثلا ..
okay
if ماكنتيش were n't a مدرس assistant or a محاضر assistant كنتى كنتى be your dream job إيه؟ وكنتى وكنتى would بتاعتك تبقى this كده؟
okay can تحكيلنا tell تحكيلنا about .. .. عن عملتيه that عملتيه attended أو any تدريبات or part-time شغل that you worked .. بتعملى were وكده؟ doing ?
okay طيب .. بعد you have ماخلصتى جامعة would انتى prefer المهنية المهنية life ولا the student life و .. و that أنتى have to study و at the same time you have a three-month vacation وحياة a يعني؟ life يعني؟
okay well which trait do you like about yourself and you بتحبيها it to تفضل forever and you will never change you want to have it عايزاها موجودة؟ ?
okay
اه
okay ليه؟ ليه؟
انا قصدي that .
okay انتى makes you feel .. stressed مضغوطة؟ what makes you feel متوترة و مضغوطة ?
okay and .. and إزاى do you handle .. this stress ? how do you deal with this how do you نفسك yourself how do you get over ده؟ ده؟
تمام طيب when you وانتى a student إن قدامك tried speaking in an evaluation عن something that you do n't بتتكلمى understand مثلا بتتكلمى say sophisticated words وتتكلمى تتكلمى in إنجليزي so that the person in front of you believe وتتكلمى you really understand فاهم he will say باي bye and leave
تمام مثلا for example إحنا when أكون were طلاب طلاب were تقييم an تقييم and when أنا did n't really كبير this part , أتكلم started أتكلم وكلام english so that .. the person in front of me was okay saying that i did understand everything because i mentioned مصطلحات مصطلحات then باي bye have أنتى تعملى to do this كده
okay
اه
okay can تقدرى تعيشى without موبايل موبايل ؟
لأ i mean that you live without موبايل mobile مش مش n't mean that نقول stay for one hour without a mobile let 's say that you تعقدى a شهر without a mobile
ليه؟ ليه؟
do فى you feel إن it 's مهم تتواصلى communicate with الناس؟ الناس؟ تتواصلى communicate with your family أهلك؟ تتواصلى تتواصلى تتواصلى مع your friends صحابك؟ and إذا من 's social media كان you can know الأخبار news and everything .. or ولا ..
okay last question أنتى can أنتى choose تمام and وتقنعينا وتقنعينا بيها؟ ?
okay
okay شكرا شكرا
okay shall we start بتاعتك telling بتاعتك about تعرفينا background , where are you from ? where were you born ? and .. انت كنت مدرسة was national ولا international دولية؟
انت انت أصلا from ?
اتولدتي كده؟ you born كده؟
و اللغات did you كت at المدرسة ?
تمام ماشي well did you بتاخدي any اللغات languages that you learn as a حاجة language other غير الفرنساوي ?
طيب after that when it comes to التعليم career دخلتي دخلتي joined جامعة what major did you choose ?
وليه why did اختارتي اختارتي this major ده؟
okay well when did you بتحب that انت like this التخصص ?
when كنت يعني في الأي general ثانوي أو في ig , did كنت feel that كنت wanted تخشي go تخشي computer ومعلومات، ومعلومات، did you like وكده ?
okay what was بتاعك التخرج project عن ايه؟
if وممكن are working on your masters وممكن can you تحكيلنا تحكيلنا about that ?
تمام انت انت do you have مقولة favorite مقولة that you usually remember ?
okay i guess ان your daughter is still young and she has n't gone لسه school yet
okay what about your plans انت انت going to تدخليها تدخليها مدرسة قومية قومية ولا an دولية؟ دولية؟ دولية؟
are you مخططة to تدخليها her in a school that teaches إنجليزي ولا فرنسي or deutsch or إيه ?
okay
يعني كان ايه؟ ?
ليه were you ليه about في a wedding planner ؟
طيب انت انت n't you traveled abroad before ؟
تمام طيب well can you تحكي لنا تحكي the places that you روحتيها for example the مميز مميز scene ما you can still remember وعمرك you هتنسيه never لغاية دلوقت ?
طيب أكتر أكتر مكان do you تسافري تسافري تزوريه ليه ؟
okay well
ماشي what لو جاتلك جاتلك the فرصة to ..
طب ليه؟ ?
طيب دلوقت لو جاتلك had the chance to تسافري abroad كعرض a job offer or a scholarship هل you prefer that or هتفضلي هتفضلي هتفضلي here ؟
okay what if لو felt ان في day فرضًا you got an offer for ليكي and ولجوزك husband to be تنقلوا to travel and تنقلوا living there
can you tell us about أكتر place you سافرتيه in egypt that سافرتيه مثلا the most وعجبك
a سفرية that you will هاتنسيها أبدا ?
ماشي do you في انت role model in your life انت do n't have to mention a أعلى model في all مجال but you can just mention one في كل field for example في الحياة or at البيت such مثلا your father and mother و another role model at الشغل in different مجالات مختلفة؟
yes
okay do you consider نفسك an سهل شخص to تتكلم with or you need some وقت for تكسروا breaking so that you can have time تتعرفوا get along with people and تتعرفوا to them تتكلموا؟ ولا it 's very easy أوي اتكلم with معاكوا .. تتكلم تتكلم معاكي you من مثلا first day .
okay
تمام
okay do بتحسي بتتعاملي it difficult when you deal with ناس of different اجتماعي مستوى أن you need تغيري تغيري your way ? your way of speaking ? your attitude or something ?
okay
طيب أكتر trait do .. أكتر like about بتحسي بيها and you are happy with .. that you want عايزاها to last موجودة؟ أبدا that you do n't want to change موجودة؟ at all موجودة؟
okay
what trait makes you موجودة people because it will be difficult for you to أتعامل في people that have such معاه جدا؟
طيب what makes you feel .. stressed ? what makes you feel worried or nervous كده؟
okay و how do you بتتعاملي this بقى؟
how do ازاي deal with فيه؟ ?
okay طيب، shall we نبتدي أن تحكيلنا us about تحكيلنا background ? where are you from ? where were فين أصلا بتاعتك، did أنت في to a national و an دولية school ? were the languages at this school english ولا arabic , فرنسي or deutsch or what أيه؟
okay , أنت كانت the .. the language بتاعتها أنت المدرسة ?
طيب، , بعد دخلت الجامعة , what تخصص and .. and when did أختارت choose this التخصص أو when did أنت decide this major ?
okay , ممكن you tell تحكيلنا عن your study at الجامعة what was it و ممكن you tell us about أيه؟ topic of your bachelor مشروع ?
what كانت ايه؟ عن ايه؟
okay طيب، أنت أنت سافرت مصر قبل ?
تمام طيب طيب well .. which place do you really want تزوره، visit تزوره، do نفسك want to visit تسافرله مصر؟ outside طب مصر؟
طيب، , ماشى . لو you had the الفرصة تسافر تسافر abroad for a job offer or منحة scholarship أو something كده، would أنت make this decision ? لو yes , would you .. .. you do this بدون تفكير كده؟
okay , can you تحكيلنا us about .. عن .. about .. أكتر مصر that you have visited هنا in egypt و a مميزة place for you that you liked و enjoyed الأنشطة activities there .. activities that you did there هناك؟
okay
okay , and .. and في عامة do you بتحب working individually or in a team and ليه ده؟
okay , do أنت consider نفسك an easy شخص تتعامل talk معاه .. و they need time for ice breaking first و تقدروا can تتعاملوا together ?
okay , do بتحس find it بصعوبة في التعامل deal with people of مختلف؟ social level مختلف؟ do انت feel need to تغير your way و your words or طريقة way you التعامل them بتاعتك؟
طيب، , ممكن تقولنا تقولنا تقولنا about صفة صفة أنت you بتحبها the most about yourself , i يعني it 's صفة صفة انت انت feel that عايزها do n't want تتغير change بتحبها ?
okay , what trait that makes you ignore the الشخص in front of you يعني you ماتقدرش n't accept تتقبلها، تتقبلها، لو a شخص has this trait , تتعامل can not تتعامل with معاه؟ ?
okay have you tried جربت in مرة evaluation او something حاجة، و انت are talking عن something that you do n't really understand انت you start تتكلم إنجليزي and you تتكلم كبير words علشان it will be okay and the الموضوع will pass so the الموضوع in front of قدامك says that you really understand everything and it 's over يعنى؟
طيب، طيب، can you تعيش without a mobile ولا you can لأ، و ليه؟ ?
طيب، , the last question , ممكن you تختار anything .. anything و تقنعنا us بيها؟ ? أي you can شايفها and you are persuaded بيها و you خلينا make make us نقتنع نقتنع ?
okay , well , shall نبتدى start by telling us about تعرفينيا background بتاعتك، where are انتى from ? where were you مولودة ? أنت كنت got يعني a national or an دولية دولية ? did it مدرسه إنجليزي , فرنسي , or ألماني؟ ?
ماشى , well , can you tell us about your الجامعه أو what was your تخصص إيه؟ what did كنت study , for مثلا؟ ? what مثلا بتاعتك bachelor مشروع كده؟
أنتى أنتى .. you traveled قبل غير of التدريب؟ internship التدريب؟ have سافرتي gone to any other place ?
تمام مثلا can تحكيلنا tell us عن الخبرة experience that you gain من السفريات، السفريات، السفريات، يعنى يعنى مثلا كان the difference between thailand , malaysia and paris ?
okay .. يعني كان the most مميز scene when you سفرياتك؟ those places ? أكتر مكان makes you very happy انتى you felt جدا انتى wanted to اتبسطى there and you وهتفضلى still وهتفضلى دايما forever دايما
و if .. انك got فرصة فرصة to تسافرى abroad for a job عمل or جالكمنحة scholarship , would جالكعرض make القرار decision ولا you would say لأ you أفكر think about it or أقعد stay here ?
have you سافرتى inside egypt a lot كثير؟
طيب did حياتك ever feel like this is تحول turning point in your حياتك ? حسيتى you كنت تفكيرك way تفكيرك thinking بعد الوقت point ?
تمام , well would you like تشتغلى تشتغلى at الجامعه or in general you would بتحبى تشتغلى تشتغلى في a فريق ولا you want to work لوحدك؟ لوحدك؟
okay well و لو you انت in a team و .. و a member of this فريق was longer motivated at all and he متضايق متضايق , can you deal with مثلا مثلا or you زى n't .. can يعنى encourage تشجعيه؟ ?
okay
okay حاجه makes you feel stressed ?
تمام ازاي و ازاى do you بتتعاملى مع ده؟ ده؟ ازاي how do you بتتعاملي this الضغط ?
okay well have تكوني ever tried talking about a topic that you do n't really understand و you have decided فتتكلمي فتتكلمي in إنجليزي و to تتكلمي sophisticated words و that the one in front of قدامك realizes that you تتكلمي فاهمة؟ everything ?
و was the reaction of اللى person in front of قدامك ايه؟ was he بيقتنع ولا he told بيقولك that انتي were saying بتحوري؟ بتحوري؟
okay can you live without a موبايل ؟
ليه؟ ?
طيب اخر اخر سؤال can you choose حاجة and تقنعينا us of ?
but for example certificates and things like that
nobody would accept ماحدش to اشتغل as a tv مذيع ان أنا do n't have a certificate
تمام , thank شكرا
okay خلفيتك، shall we start by telling us about خلفيتك، background ? where are you منين؟ ? where were you born ? did you go to a national or دولية؟ international مدرسة ? كنتى the لغات there إنجليزي ولا فرنسي or deutsch and so on ?
تمام مثلا well and can you تقوليلنا us about your education for example the .. the الجامعة ? what was your major ايه؟
and .. و كنتى were كنتى studying for مثلا و .. و what was your التخرج مشروع about ?
well كنتي was دراستك الدراسة عن غير of .. your المشروع ? كنتي were the specific topics that كنتي بتدرسى إيه؟
تمام , have you بتفكرى to go for طيب
you .. or you have أنتي daughter
a son , okay
are you بتفكري to enroll your son in قومية national or an دولية؟ school دولية؟ what language will you go for .. و what اللغة will هو focus on ومهتمة interested in teaching him ?
طيب مثلا in what كلمات do you .. بتعلميهاله him ال ب .. .. ال لغة؟ ?
هو old is he now .. now ?
okay have you .. you سافرتى anywhere else .. other than the place where you took الكورس الكورس ?
okay
تمام أكتر which مكان do you like the most وعايزة you want to عجبك it جدا as عاجبك انت like going هناك ودايما you like this المكان very أبدا؟ ودايما عجبك will never forget ?
طيب نفسك is معين any معين place that you want to visit ? نفسك نفسك wish to تسافريله؟ تسافريله؟
okay
طيب ان if أنتى got فرصة chance أن .. to تسافرى abroad for a عمل عرض أو منحة دراسية هتخدى would you هتخدى القرار chance or not في case you لوحدك لوحدك و in حالة أنه are مع your family .
okay
طيب a moment that حياتك consider أنه turning نقطة in your حياتك وحسيتى where أنه .. خالص way of thinking اتغير at that الوقت ?
okay , do you consider نفسك an easy person to تتكلم with ولا they need time for معاه breaking ?
okay , حاجة trait do you like صفة much بتحبيها yourself فى ومش نفسك do تتغير want بتحبيها change عايزاها ?
okay what صفة makes you ignore الشخص that قدامك wo n't deal معاه؟ them again ?
تمام
طيب have you قبل تكوني في a situation like موقف evaluation أو something و you talk about a موضوع that you do n't understand well so تتكلمى start speaking in إنجليزي تمام sophisticated words because فاهم the person in front of قدامك says that يعدي؟ understand everything and it will pass ?
okay
okay , ايه what was the الفعل of بتاع person in front قدامك؟ قدامك؟ قدامك؟ did بيصدق believe that or not ..
okay , can تقدرى live غير موبايل؟ موبايل؟ موبايل؟
ليه؟ ليه؟
تمام طيب , well as for أخر last حلوة , choose حلوة and وتقنعينا وتقنعينا بيها ; anything you أى persuaded بيها وتقوليلنا you will let us نعملها it أو تقنعينا تقنعينا أن الحاجة 's really and that نقتنع ولازم be تقنعينا نقتنع of
تمام , شكرا you
طيب ممكن shall نبتدى start بتاعتك telling تعرفنا about your الخلفية ? أنت are أنت منين؟ ? where were أنت أصلا ? .. did you تعرفنا to a قومية or an international المدرسة ? was كانت إنجليزي ولا arabic ولا فرنسي or deutsch ?
تمام after ال .. the التعليم , what about your المسار ?
أنت university did you join ? و major did you choose أيه؟ أمتى did أخترت أخترت this major ? and when did you feel أن أنت want تخشه؟ تخشه؟ for this major تخشه؟
okay , well , can تحكيلنا tell us about التخرج التخرج مشروع and the masters بعد on so what كانت الموضوع الموضوع about actually ?
تمام and what الماجستير؟ master الماجستير؟ الماجستير؟
طيب , have سافرت traveled before for a job or having fun ?
can you تحكيلنا تحكيلنا about السفريات مكان that you visits and نفسك place do you تروحه like the most that you want عجبك سفرتها again and نفسك will تروحه تروحه دايما ?
تمام و well لو if you got فرصة فرصة to تسافر abroad for a job offer or a scholarship , would you make this القرار or ولا لأ؟ و why would you make it بسرعة و why would هتقول say لأ؟ لأ؟
طيب أيه and what مكان do نفسك want تزوره تروحه؟ تروحه؟
طيب can you tell us عن .. about a place that you have visited in مصر where you عملت many عملت فيها and كنت had fun فيها؟
تمام
okay , do you consider نفسك a difficult person to تتكلم with or not .. not it بسهولة easy to تتكلم with الناس يعنى يعنى do you need وقت تعارف ice breaking و it 's easy عادى الناس to talk معاك تكلمك easily ?
okay , well , أيه trait makes you أكتر موجودة people that قدامك wo هتقبل هتقبل موجودة or deal معاه؟ them معاه؟
تمام طيب , well , have أنت tried being in an تقييم أو an مقابلة and .. and you discuss a موضوع that you do n't فاهمه understand so you start بتتكلم in إنجليزي تتكلم sophisticated words just to pass the interview أو the .. ال .. التقييم التقييم ده يعدى؟ يعدى؟
تمام
تمام
as for the أخر question , تختار anything and persuade تقنعنا of ?
انت حاجة، anything that you .. you شايفها and be مقتنع بيها and you حاسس that we .. i mean بيها are persuaded of .. it 's not necessarily to تبقى something academic or for fun حاجة مضحكة ولا مضحكة ممكن تبقى anything .
thank شكرا
طيب ممكن طيب shall we نبتدى by تقوليلنا تقوليلنا about your الخلفية منين؟ where are بتاعتك from ?
و .. and did you go to a national or an international مدرسة ايه؟ what were the languages there ; فرنسي , ألماني or english ولا what ايه؟
okay و after that بقى when it comes to the التعليمي طيب , which تخصص did you دخلتى ? and why did you choose this التخصص ? and when did you حسيتى أن أنتى want to تروحي for this major ?
okay مثلا، can you tell تحكيلنا على بتاعك bachelor project , what was it about ? and لو you started preparing for masters , can تحكيلنا tell تحكيلنا what is الماجستير برضه عن your masters أيه
طيب , what كان أنتى dream زمان and why were بتاعتك interested in this .. this job دى؟
طيب , can you tell تحكيلنا about أى قبل جزائي او دوام شغل or internship that عملتيه had during university , can تحكيلنا tell us how was it أزاى
تمام طيب , well , do you تفضلي the working life or university الحياة كطالبة؟ a كطالبة؟ ?
تمام
طب , have you traveled abroad before كده؟
okay , among the السفريات that you traveled أكتر which مكان did you like أكتر most و you want to عمرك it تروحيه , a مكان عمرك هتنسيه أنتى عجبك هتنسيه ?
do you feel أن you want to change طريقتك؟ طريقتك؟ طريقتك؟ مش مش feel that تتعاملى؟ can not تتعاملى؟ with them ? or that you are مرتاحة؟ تتعاملى؟ مرتاحة؟ ?
طيب و what trait makes do you like most في نفسك انتي نفسك do n't want to تتغيرخالص at all ? you think عايزاها 's تتغيرخالص و you want to تبطليها it forever ?
okay , أيه trait makes قدامك أكتر الشخص و if people have such trait أو you مش n't تتقبلي تتقبلي .. you مش هتعرفى know how to accept تقبليه and deal معاه؟ them ?
طيب , have أنتى tried قبل in .. in an interview or an evaluation and تتكلمى speak إنجليزي كلام تتكلمى كلام because أنتى are تتكلمى a topic that you do n't really كبير علشان you start to get out of الموقف situation بإن doing كويس و saying sophisticates كبير so that يحس الله in front of you feel أنه you really فاهمة؟ فاهمة؟
can تعيشي تعيشي غير a موبايل and if yes , لو and if no , ليه؟ ليه؟
as for أخر last question , تختارى anything and persuade us of , you can حاجة أن تقنعينا to complete masters , to travel , أن نسافر، here نقعد، أن join .. or to نبقى tas مساعد، anything .
well , okay , thank شكرا
طيب , ممكن we start by telling us about خلفيتك background أصلا؟ and .. و where are you from فين؟ where were انهي born بلد؟ .. did you go to قومية قومية or an دولية؟ school ? was it english , arabic و فرنسي or deutsch ألماني؟
تمام , after أيه؟ , when it comes to your التعليم career , دخلت دخلت جامعة , أيه؟ تخصص did you choose ? أمتى did you decide to go for التخصص التخصص ?
تمام , بعدين generally , أيه؟ was your دراستك أيه؟ ? what بتدرس بتدرس بتدرسوها in computer science أيه؟ what was your التخرج مشروع عنه؟ عنه؟
و .. and after that did أنت complete دراسات ?
have you ever traveled مصر قبل from the .. التخرج؟ bachelor project ?
تمام , can تحكيلنا tell us مثلا الخبرة experience , how was it ? which place did you like most ? و you حبيت .. كانت to go تاني again and you will still remember that المكان forever دايما؟
can you tell تحكيلنا about the experience of السفر in general و which مكان أنت you still هتفضل and you always want to تروحه there again تانى، المكان المكان is in your ذاكرتك أنت أنت will never forget . it looked great أوى
و مكان did you like لما عجبك traveled and you want to سافرت there again او نفسك تروحه this place جدا يعنى؟ ?
and .. what if you got the chance to travel abroad for a دراسية or a دراسية عرض , would you take this decision ده؟
okay
okay , do أنت consider yourself an easy person to تتكلم with or محتاجين need time for ice معاه ?
طيب , do you بتحس if بصعوبة when تتعامل تتعامل مع people of a different اجتماعي مستوى , أذا it كان أقل or lower ? بتحس you بتحس ان انك want تغير change your طريقتك and your topic ?
تمام
okay , هقدر trait makes قدامك ignore الشخص and if people have such trait موجودة،لأ أنا wo n't deal معاه، them معاه، أتعامل ca n't deal with them ?
تمام
طيب أيه makes you stressed and nervous مضغوط؟
okay طيبذ have you tried being في .. في an interview or في evaluation في الجامعة discussing a topic that تبقى do n't really understand و you speak in english saying sophisticated words قبل to pass the interview أو the .. ال situation passes ?
طيب , can انت تعيش without a موبايل؟ ?
طيب , as for the last question , can you تختار anything to persuade تقنعنا بيها؟ بيها؟ أي that comes into دماغك mind و you أنت persuaded بيها، بيها، أذا it 's traveling دراسة، شغل، سفر، ماجستير، دراسة، or أي ?
okay , shall أنت start by talking about بتاعتك، background منين؟ أنت are you from ? did أنت go to a national or دولية؟ international school ? what were the languages اللغات at المدرسة ? إنجليزي فرنسي ولا french or ألماني أيه؟
okay , well , after that , when it comes to your education career , إيه؟ major did you choose إيه؟ و .. and why did you اختارت التخصص major ? when did كنت decide that أنت want تخش go for this .. التخصص major ده؟
طيب ممكن طيب can you tell us about ال .. study ? what do بتاعتك study فيها عامة في university and .. and what is your bachelor مشروع كان .. كان is it إيه؟
طيب , can دلوقت tell us على your يومك الطبيعي ? what do you do after الصبح up in the الإسبوع يعنى؟ يعني does your الطبيعي go إزاى؟
طيب , what are .. are your الهوايات ايه؟ what are بتاعتك؟ بتحب in doing ? listening to music , تتفرج أفلام ، تلعب , أيه أيه هواياتك؟ hobbies ?
okay , well , do you بتحب listening تسمع أغانى؟ أغانى؟
okay , do you like listening to عربي ولا english إنجليزي؟ for example مثلا أحكيلنا us .. tell أحكيلي عن أغنيتك favorite اغاني or أكتر favorite أغنيتك تسمعله
okay , well do انت بتحب على movies ?
okay طيب can you بتحبه us عن أكتر movie that أنت like and can تقول tell us قصته story quickly ?
okay , after الجامعة , what about نفسك وظيفة job ? what dream job do نفسك want ? what do you تشتغل تشتغل work حاجة؟
i really want أحب work in تكويد أشتغلها should n't be related في .. to management and أنا do n't want يبقى lead مع فريق . i just want بتعامل بتعامل on the ناس on my ناس اللابتوب doing everything في if it 's not working , i will fix it .
تمام طيب , well , بعد بتحب المهنية life يعني what would عندك prefer الحياة المهنية or .. or الطلاب حياة في university و .. and having a شهور أجازة ?
طيب , have you سافرت abroad before ?
طيب مثلا , can you tell احكيلي what were كنت doing there و .. عجبك المكان تعمل like most and you want to مسافر it again تشوفه؟
okay أنت لو you got الفرصة الفرصة to تسافر abroad for a عمل offer or بمنحة دراسية , would you هتفضل ده ولا you would want تعقد تعقد هنا ?
طيب , is there a وقت في حياتك حياتك حسيت you consider a turning point و إنه your way of thinking changed ?
طيب , do you بتحب working في في teams or تشتغل like working لوحدك؟ ?
okay , ليه؟ so مع لوحدك هتتعامل handle كلها individually الدنيا you هتبقى be aware مع بكل حاجة the المشروع .
طيب ليك in general , do you have a مجال model , بس is n't necessarily to يكون an مطلق role أعلى ? but you can have a specific مجال model in ال .. a specific field في .. in الحياة حاجة؟
طيب سؤال there is a question . would أنك rather تكون محبوب ولا تحترمك؟ ? and ليه؟ ?
but بعض , الأوقات هتحس feel انت it مش impossible .. impossible تعجب مستحيل by everyone but definitely , not الناس هتختلف agree on عليك .. someone may هيقولك هيقولك that i .. ده عاجبني him أو love عاجبني و another واحد بحبه هيقولك no لأ، الأراء هتختلف هتختلف different .
طيب , do you بتعتبر yourself an سهل شخص to تتكلم with ولا they need وقت for عشان للتعارف to be able to تتكلموا with بعض؟ ?
طيب قدامك , في trait that makes تحس ignore الصفة شخص in front of you إن you can not deal with معاه or هتعرف accept تقبله
okay , well أكتر what makes you feel stressed ?
how can you handle this ده؟ عندك عندك مثلا an idea .. what بتعمل do in عامة لما نفسك مضغوط مضغوط ?
okay , have you tried discussing a موضوع في an تقييم أو في interview as you do n't understand this topic very well so you تبتدي تقول in إنجليزي تقول sophisticated إنجليزي علشان that التقييم interview أو the التقييم will pass and .. and the one in front of قدامك يحس feel إن أنت understand خلاص؟ خلاص؟
إزاي و and كان رد فعل of the الشخص in front of you ?
okay , did that الشخص believe that or .. he كان on the الأسئلة؟ الأسئلة؟
تمام , can انت تعيش غير a mobile ?
why , كده 's أهميته أهميته ؟
okay أشتغل، as for أخر أخر سؤال بيها، can you تختار أي and .. and تقنعني مقتنع me بيها، ? anything أنا want or anything you are مقتنع of such as أسافر، أسافر، staying أقعد، , studying ماجستير، ماجستير، or working or anything حاجة؟
okay ماشي well شكرا thank شكرا
okay , shall نبتدي نبتدي أن تقولنا us about your background منين؟ أنت are you from ? did you go to a national or an international school دولية؟ what وكانت الخلفية language there english ولا عربي فرنسي ولا عربي فرنسي ولا what else إيه؟
okay أنت are egyptian و كنت كنت born في cairo القاهرة؟
تمام طيب , well .. طيب و بعد الجامعة؟ .. which الجامعة did أنت دخلت إيه؟ و .. و why did أختارت choose this التخصص ده؟ أو why were أنت حبيت in يعني؟ يعني؟
okay , can you تحكيلنا us about the other plans such as الخطة a التانية you used to have , for مثلا؟ ?
okay طب what .. i يعني what .. what makes you feel إن it will be difficult and أنت did n't you تدخل the acting معهد أو كده؟ كده؟
i do n't know what .. what is included there .. why did n't you بتاع the track of التمثيل و directing as you تتعلم تتعلم تمثيل و directing تدرس study تمثيل و acting .. ال .. you will كده .. إيه يعني what makes you تحس that الموضوع would صعب، difficult صعب، it 's not guaranteed مضمون؟
طيب did you مقرر the تخصص of engineering يعني you did n't know that you would choose this ?
okay , have you traveled abroad قبل كده؟
okay , can you تحكيلنا us where did you بتعمل ? what did you do أيه؟ which مكان did you مثلا، أيه؟ most ?
okay , is there any specific مكان that you تروحه، to تروحه، تروحه، نفسك you wish تسافر تسافر to it له؟
تمام جالك , well , what if إنك got .. got فرصة chance ت .. to travel for a job offer أو a scholarship , would you make this القرار or ولا لأ؟ و would you think of while بتاخد this القرار ?
okay , do you بتعتبر yourself an سهل شخص that الناس تتكلم talk with or you need وقت for ice تعارف؟ ?
طيب أكتر which trait do you like about yourself and بتحبها that نفسك تتغير؟ to have موجودة without any changes تتغير؟
طيب بتحس , which هي makes أكتر ignore الشخص أن تتعامل can not deal with معاه؟ ?
okay have تقديمي tried being in an evaluation at الجامعة or أي general in a presentation at school أو something and you discuss a موضوع that أنت do n't really understand so تتكلم start speaking in إنجليزي أو french تتكلم sophisticated words إن that the الموضوع in front of قدامك feels that you understand everything and it will pass خلاص؟
تمام
okay , what was هم reaction ? did بتاعهم understand .. believe بتقوله you said and حسوا that أنت really فعلا or not طبعا؟
okay , can you تعيش without a mobile ?
why ?
طيب بيها، as for the أخر question سؤال can you choose anything و .. anything تقنعنا تقنعنا تقنعنا of بيها؟ anything that you are persuaded بيها to make تقنعنا بيها؟ persuaded ?
thank شكرا
okay طيب، ممكن we start أن telling بتاعتك، about your background منين؟ where are you منين؟ ? did كنتي تقوليلنا في a national و دولية؟ دولية؟ school دولية؟ كانت اصلا english , french or ألماني؟ ألماني؟ tell us عن your start .
okay , انتي are you منين؟ منين؟ where مولودة انتي مولودة ?
في القاهرة تمام
okay بعد school .. دخلتي had دخلتي university , which تخصص did كنتي choose أيه؟ أمتى did you محددة تدخلي go for أيه؟ major and أيه makes حببك interested in التخصص major فيه؟
تمام طيب this .. ده has to do with joining university , but why did ليه بس الهندسة i يعني مثلا did n't مادخلتيش مادخلتيش الهندسة صيدلة , ليه did n't you في applied arts تطبيقية؟
تمام
i mean you أختارتي chosen هندسة not بالاستبعاد، exclusion بالاستبعاد، ان you انت no to لأ، , and that .
تمام
تمام، تمام، طيب .. طب , did you تخشي يعني .. what تخصص تخشي wanted .. i mean كده are you going to تتخصصي majored in or you still do n't know عارفة؟
but what makes interested طب mechatronics ? what makes you like met , for مثلا؟ مثلا؟
okay , well
تمام طيب , well , are you مخططة بعد that , for example , after .. after .. الجامعة أن complete masters على one or you .. أنتي travel or تشتغلي على once ولا you لسه do n't عارفة؟ ?
تمام
okay
okay
طيب , have عملتي .. عملتي قبل in أي منظمة او joined a كشافة for example or .. or مجلة or something كده
okay , what about ال role مثلا، كنتي were بتاعتك doing أيه؟ ممكن كنتي تحكيلنا تحكيلنا about أيه؟ الفترة ?
only this
okay what were كنتي doing في .. في .. in the scout ? did كنتي بتعملي any جلسات , any مخيمات؟ ?
okay طيب، well , أنتي أنتي .. لما .. to the short period البسيطة الفترة when you worked في المنظمات المنظمات دى، do أنتي تفضلي تبقى a طالبة that studies and takes a شهور أجازة or أنتي prefer working و .. و .. و تبقى تبقى شغل other than university and studying ?
okay but after الجامعة، , will you هيكون an official شغل، .. job رسمى، for example , if زي مثلا a father or ماما كده، فإنتي you prefer .. .. prefer working المهنية أو الجامعية؟ الجامعية؟
تمام طيب , well , have you ever سافرتي abroad ?
طيب، طيب، which مكان أيه you want to visit تزوريه، you نفسك تسافريله؟ travel تسافريله؟ تسافريله؟
okay , well , can you tell تحكيلنا عن مثلا place that you visited here في مصر و you liked the أنشطة that you did , which سفرية المناظر كنتوا عجبتك؟ like عجبتك؟
okay , well , لو أنتي جاتلك فرصة منحة to تسافري as you did قبل , if you جاتلك the الفرصة to تسافري for a scholarship او منحة job offer and .. و you should travel و و leave كل تسافرى، would you do this و not and why ليه؟
okay , for sure , you would travel then come back أجازات، هتيجي would have أجازات، but .. شغلك شغلك بقي based there , i يعني هتقعدي هتقعدي stay there تلت three or four months then you come and stay two weeks تيجي , three أو أربع months there and two weeks أسبوعين
فإنتي you accept ده؟ ?
but for مثلا , لو you أشتغلتي there and أشتغلتي و بتاعك المرتب became high then you come هنا بتاعك تشتغلي كبر egypt and you found that بتاعك المرتب هيبقى a quarter of the previous salary الربع، فانتي you go هترجعي؟ هترجعي؟ ?
by النهاية النهاية ما هو and ترجعي and it 's okay as this is your choice but still there some حاجات that influence اختيارك .
أنتي if you رجعتي back و مكانك wo n't هتاخدي in the same value or مكانك .
okay , do you consider نفسك محتاجين easy شخص that الناس تتكلم تتكلم with و يأخدوا يأخدوا time للتعارف ice للتعارف as يقدروا need time يتكلموا talk with you ?
okay , well , does it sometimes cause any .. مشاكل؟ مشاكل؟ مشاكل؟
تمام , well , do you find بصعوبة difficulties لما you deal with people from a مختلف الاجتماعي level و whether it كان أقل or lower ?
تمام بس but for example مثلا when بتتعاملي deal مع people من a lower اجتماعي level و you mostly speak english و they do n't بتتكلمي you so they will be frustrated هيتضايق
طيب، , أيه أيه do أكتر like the most في yourself و you do n't want to تتغير it أبدا because it 's good and you like it نفسك،
okay , well which trait that makes أنا موجودة،لأ الشخص في front of you أن أتعامل can not أتعامل معاه؟ them معاه؟
okay أيه makes you stressed , nervous and .. بتخليكي uncomfortable ?
okay , and how do you overcome او الضغط and how do you بتتصرفي with أزاى؟ أزاى؟
تمام طيب , well , have you tried تقديمي في an مقابلة or in .. in a presentation في المدرسة or أي أيه، that أنتي speak في a topic فاهمة أنتي do بتتكلمي understand so تتكلمي in إنجليزي او français so that the person in front of you feels that أنتي understand تمام , فبتديتي الموضوع الموضوع يعدى؟ pass يعدى؟
طيب أنتي can you live without a موبايل؟ ?
طيب نسافر، as for the last question , can you شايفاها anything and .. and persuade تقنعينا بيها؟ ? anything you want or anything like نكمل نكمل study , traveling or نقعد here هنا؟ أنتي you مقتنعة that العيلة comes أهم ?
شكرا
طيب , shall نبتدي نبتدي أن telling us about your الخلفية ? where are you منين؟ دولية؟ did كنت go أصلا قومية national و دولية؟ international مدرسة و what were the اللغات there ?
okay طيب .. well بعد دخلت دخلت الجامعة , which major did you choose ? و .. and .. and why did أنت choose التخصص التخصص ده؟ أمتى did حسيت feel that you like this التخصص ده؟
طيب، طيب، ممكن you تقولنا تقولنا أيه topics do أنت بتدرس .. at university الجامعة، يعني 's دراستك study مثلا؟ about ?
طيب، مثلا؟ , can you tell تحكيلنا قبل the مشاريع that you did أيه how were it ?
تمام طيب , well , ممكن you tell تحكيلنا us how you بتعمل يومك daily وسط , , what do you usually أيه in الأسبوع اليوم الأسبوع ?
طيب أيه؟ و أيه؟ do you do فيها الأجازات الأجازات الأسبوعية ?
تمام ممكن , can تحكيلنا tell تحكيلنا about its قصته؟ أيه it 's الفيلم قصته؟
okay , أنت you فكرت قبل , for example مثلا في المستقبل future , would you like تدخل enroll ولادك children in قومية national or an دولية school .. which اللغة هتكون يكونوا like to هتحبهم them ?
لو you worked قبل , what were you doing و what were your شغل duties ?
okay , do you بتعتبر نفسك an سهل شخص that people تتكلم with و get along with you ولا هم need وقت كبير for ice breaking ?
okay و do you بصعوبة بصعوبة difficulties when بتتكلم بتتكلم with ناس من مختلف؟ اجتماعي level مختلف؟ do بتحس feel that you can not deal with طريقتك؟ , do you محتاج تغير تغير your طريقتك؟ طريقتك؟
طيب , أيه أيه do أكتر بتحبها the most about نفسك و و دي want بتحبها to last خالص؟ without any موجودة خالص؟
okay معاه، الصفة الصفة makes قدامك ignore people that أتعامل can not أتعامل في them , it 's صعب for you to deal مع this .. this trait ?
طيب أيه .. what did your parents criticize you بتنتقضك saying that you بتقولك بطل فيها، ?
okay غريبة، what do أكتر بتحسها weird about yourself غريبة؟
تمام طب , well , have جربت tried being في تقييم الجامعة or في interview في .. و you discuss a موضوع that انت do n't really understand فتبتدي you start speaking in إنجليزي saying sophisticated words just to من الموضوع كبير or you have n't ماعملتش this كده؟
okay , what was أيه فعل of the الشخص in front of قدامك , did he believe that , was he convinced or not و he felt that you are saying nonsense بتفتى؟
طيب , أنت أنت تعيش without a mobile ? لو أه , أه أو if no , ليه؟ ?
okay طيب، as for the أخر question سؤال، ممكن دماغك choose في your mind أي تقنعنا persuade us of بيها؟
تمام , ماشي شكرا thank شكرا
okay ممكن shall we نبتدي ت .. تقولنا تقولنا تقولنا about your background ? where are بتاعتك، منين، , where were you born ? did بتاعتك كانت to قومية national و دولية؟ international school ? و .. and أيه؟ were اللغات اللغات فيها أيه؟
طيب , after that بتاعك، ممكن you تحكيلنا تحكيلنا عن your .. your الجامعة career أيه؟ what did you do ? أيه؟ major did دخلت دخلت أيه؟ و why did أختارت أختارت أختارت major ده؟ ممكن تحكيلنا تحكيلنا us ممكن your نظامك في الجامعة؟ الجامعة؟
okay
و have tried this in the past الدراسي , thank god و i passed it as i got درجات الدراسي و now و take مواد دلوقتى، , i am really stressed قدامي
بي .. artist بيبيع اللوحة اللوحة مثلا بتاعته sells it يعنى يعنى بمبلغ lot of money و that 's هو profit بيكسب
مش do n't عارف، , i do n't عارف can you .. tell us أيه 's أيه ?
okay طيب، ممكن نبتدي start by .. بتاعتك، تحكيلنا us about your background فين؟ where are you from منين، where were you born دولية، did أنت go to قومية national or an international school ? and .. and what كانت اللغات اللغات فيها أيه؟
okay , طيب and .. after في .. في it comes to بتاعك، education تخصص , which major did كنت go for at الجامعة أيه؟ and .. و و ليه did you أختارت التخصص التخصص ده؟ يعني did أمتى feel أن you want this التخصص ده، and why ?
طيب، , ممكن you تحكيلنا us عن your study في الجامعة؟ ? what was أيه about أيه؟ what do you study ? بتتعلم do you learn ? و .. و .. and can you tell us أيه؟ the topic of your bachelor project ?
تمام، , can you بتاعك us about the topic of your bachelor مشروع عنه؟ يعني does it talk about عنه؟
okay بتاعك، can بتاعك، تحكيلنا تحكيلنا عن .. about الروتين daily routine ? what do you usually do on your weekday after getting أنت in the morning ? what .. do you usually do في the الأسبوع؟ of الأسبوع؟ الأسبوع؟ الأسبوع؟
طيب، , لو do you do in the الأجازات الأسبوعية و during your free time شغل، what activities do أنت .. ايه usually بتعملها؟ ?
تمام , well , do you have specific هوايات بتحب تمارسها تمارسها practice such as reading قراءة، listening تسمع music , بتلعب or .. any other specific hobbies معينة؟
طيب، طيب، what نوع من music do أنهي بتحب الموسيقى، what type of music do you like ? بتحب you بتحب مغني specific مغني معين، a معينة؟ song ?
okay طيب، do you usually listen بتسمع arabic و إنجليزي؟ طيب، إنجليزي؟
تمام طيب، طيب، well طيب، do عندك في a مفضلة quote that you like بتحب apply and that حياتك مافيش؟ remember أو you do n't مافيش؟ مافيش؟
تمام كتير؟ طيب طيب do you like movies الأفلام، بتتفرج بتتفرج usually watch a lot على movies كتير؟
okay , well , as في the .. the المستقبل هتحب you planning to enroll ولادك تدخلهم in a قومية or لا دولية؟ school ? would you go for an arabic , إنجليزي فرنسي , french or لا ألماني؟ مدرسة ألماني؟
تمام , well , what was your dream الأحلام when you صغير young ? و now نفسك أنت at university الجامعة، ما do تخلص تخلص to work أيه؟
تمام و have you attended any تدريبات or worked any بدوام جزئي أو full-time أشغال و ممكن you tell us about عنها؟ عنها؟
تمام، انت , well و من on your شهور، vacation شهور، what would you .. أنت .. you prefer المهنية life or university life ? عجباك أحسن؟ أحسن؟ for بتاعتك أحسن؟
okay , have أنت traveled مصر before ?
okay , is there any في place نفسك you تروحه، to visit , نفسك نفسك wish to تسافر to it ?
تمام , well طيب لو you جاتلك the الفرصة تسافر تسافر for a job offer or كمنحة scholarship أن would جاتلك make this القرار و not ? و .. و .. و أيه هتأثر هتأثر قرارك؟ قرارك؟ قرارك؟
okay , well and .. و which country in .. in europe ان you said you هتختار بتقول take a tour there , which البلد هتختار أنك هتختار to تعيش فيها؟ فيها؟
is there a معينة حاجة في your دماغك و you will go and see .. if you like في بلد بلد هتستقر تعجبتك will هتستقر فيها؟ ?
okay تمام، well طيب، is there في لحظة in your life that تفكيرك؟ consider أنه تحول نقطة و أن your way of thinking changed the most تفكيرك؟
و has been developed في أيه شخصيتك التطور، what did you غير ده، how كانت your character و how is it now ?
تمام طب و .. when you were at university , did you like working on projects individually و في a team ?
تمام طيب , do عندك مثل a role model in حياتك؟ حياتك؟ حياتك؟ في 's not necessarily to have an مطلق لازم model لكن you can have a ممكن ممكن في each field .
okay , well سؤال there 's another question . would أنك rather be محبوب or respected و why ليه؟
okay , do you consider نفسك an easy person سهل people تتكلم talk with or they محتاجين وقت محتاجين ice معاه تعارف، do علشان need فترة نتكلم نتكلم to each بعض؟ بعض؟
طيب طباعك، do بتحس find it difficult when you deal with people of a مختلف، اجتماعي level , different style and their اجتماعي level is higher or أعلى؟ than طباعك، أعلى؟
okay , أيه trait do أكتر like about نفسك و نفسك want بتحبها تفضل last forever and تتغير will never تتغير أبدا؟
طيب، انا , أيه trait makes you ignore الشخص ? لو you find this الصفة in anyone أن you can not deal with them معاه، ماتقدر can not .. .. adapt with them ?
تمام , what does your parents criticize you for و they tell عيلتك that أنت لازم change this موجود؟
تمام، , what makes you بتخليك مضغوط؟ ? what makes you بتخليك nervous because you مضغوط حاجة lot to do كتير؟
okay ،و and how do بتتعامل handle such الضغط , how do بتتصرف بتتعامل with this أزاى؟
okay , have أنت tried قبل in an .. an مقابلة أو a project when you تتكلم في a topic that you do n't really understand أو you فتبتدي speaking إنجليزي saying sophisticated words so that the person in front of قدامك feel أن you understand and .. and the الموضوع؟ الموضوع؟ pass ?
okay لأ، can you live غير موبايل mobile أو not ? لو yes , ليه؟ ?
but do n't بس feel that تكون بيشغلك حاجات you from حاجات more important ?
okay طيب، well , as for the last question , can you choose anything you are مقتنع of و make us be persuaded of بيها، it could be a عامة، thing like completing studies , نسافر، or anything else حاجة؟
تمام، ماشى، تمام، well ماشى، thank شكرا
okay , ممكن we نبتدي أن تعرفنا us about your الخلفية ? أنت are أنت منين، ? where were أنت أصلا ? did you في to a national ولا an international school دولية؟ و were اللغات languages at this school إنجليزي، , عربى، ألماني عربى، فرنسي؟ or ألماني ?
okay , well و بعد education , what about your career انت
أيه major did you choose ? why did you choose this major ? when أمتى you feel that أنت حسيت to go تخشه؟ this major ?
طيب، طيب، can تحكيلنا tell us عن .. about your study ? what .. do you بتدرس at الجامعة، الجامعة، what do you learn ? what was بتاعك .. و التخرج project أيه؟ ?
okay طيب، well طيب، أنت أنت سافرت مصر before ?
okay , ممكن you تحكيلنا us about the مكان that عجبك have visited و which place did you like أكتر most that نفسك want to go there again and you can still remember this place ?
طيب، طيب، لما you traveled there هناك، did you make friends there و كان .. you still على اتصال or لأ؟ لأ؟
no , i mean صحاب that أنا made هناك .are you still in أتعرفت with عليهم ولا not لأ؟
تمام طيب، , which place do you تروح to visit دلوقتي؟ ?
طب، طب، if you got الفرصة chance to .. بعرض travel abroad for بعرض عمل offer أو a scholarship , would you هتاخد this القرار و لا لأ؟ أيه would made تفكر تفكر about القرار ده؟ what would هتأثر your القرار فيه؟
طيب، جوا؟ , أنت أنت بتسافر بتسافر في مصر جوا؟
okay well , is there any معينة place فاكرها، still تحكي and تحب want تحكي تحكي عنها ?
طيب تعارف، do you consider نفسك بتعتبر easy person that people تتكلم تتكلم معاه و الناس need time for ice معاه و تتعود get along عليك عليك more ?
okay , do you find it محتاج في .. في التعامل مع ناس from a مختلف اجتماعي level أن أنت مش n't deal with معاهم، محتاج need to تغير your طريقتك أو something ?
طيب، , أيه أكتر do فيك .. you like about نفسك و you بتحبها it يتغير last forever without any changes ?
تمام أيه , أيه أكتر that people have that makes you avoid interacting مع them ? لو موجودة هي such trait that you هتقدر بتكرهها the most ده، you can not deal معاها؟ it معاها؟
تمام طيب، , well فيها، what do your parents criticize you of ? did they tell فيك؟ أنت أنت محتاج تغير change something in your character فيك؟
مافيش
.. دي , is there طيب that شخصيتك، consider weird about yourself , في فيك، personality شخصيتك، something غريبة , حاجة غريبة الناس would find very weird ?
okay طيب، أيه طيب، أن makes أنت feel stressed و مضغوط nervous جدا؟
and أزاي do أزاي get على الضغط ده، ده، what do أيه؟ do ?
okay , well حصل، have جربت جربت being in مقابلة مقابلة أو an evaluation speaking about a موضوع أنت you do n't understand so speak في إنجليزي أو تتكلم words just to تتكلم this situation ? can you tel us about this الموقف , for مثلا؟ مثلا؟ can you تحكيلنا us about a situation مثلا؟ that that happened to you ?
okay , what كان كان فعل of the الشخص in front قدامك you , did he believe that , was كان يقتنع or يقتنع لأ that you were saying nonsense بيقفش؟
okay موبايل، can you live غير موبايل، موبايل، ? if yes , why أو ليه؟ no لأ، why ?
okay , أخر for سؤال last question , can نعمل نعمل anything and تقنعنا تقنعنا of , anything نسافر، أنت persuaded of such مثلا نسافر، , نكمل masters , staying here , or to do .. do أي أنت you want و تقنعنا us of ?
تمام ماشي thank you .
well , shall we start by telling us about your الخلفية أن originally are you from ? و .. و كنت you in a national or international مدرسة دولية؟ and were اللغات اللغات english ، arabic عربى، french , or ألماني؟ ?
تمام عايز , and afterwards مسار education career التعليم، أنت was the تخصص you دخلت in أيه؟ and when did أنت want .. مقرر to enroll داخل this major ? i mean did you feel that you like it ?
تمام طيب , well و أيه made you decide to مقرر mechatronics ميكاترونكس، why did you like ( ( it ) ) ? او i mean what مثلا تفكر تفكر of it فيها، not ماتخشش computer science , or اتصالات؟ اتصالات؟
okay أكتر، طيب، أكتر، can you تحكيلنا تحكيلنا more for example about your study ? اتعلمتوا did you بتدرس ? مشاريع مشاريع you did مثلا example , how كانت they like ?
طيب، , أنت you سافرت مصر before كده؟
طيب are there any تمام place where نفسك would like تسافر تسافر تروحه or to تشوفه؟ ?
country .
تمام طيب , well what if you got an فرصة to make a دراسية or جالك got a job عرض عمل، would هتحب هتحب to take this القرار و travel or would أنت هتقعد here و أيه الحاجات would impact your قرارك؟ قرارك؟
okay , well do you travel often domestically in egypt ?
well , can you tell تحكيلنا عن a سفرية that you did في مصر، in which you كانت مثلا the المكان المكان و the المناظر عجبك most و عجبك wanted بتحب go تروحه ده؟ ده؟
طيب، طيب، do أنت consider نفسك an easy person تتكلم talk to or a difficult الناس صعب، i mean do you need وقت for ice عشان to be نتكلم؟ to talk ?
تمام بتحس well و do you feel بصعوبة it 's difficult to بتتعامل مع بتاعهم of different الاجتماعي المستوى , do محتاج need تغير تغير كلامك، طريقة of كلامك، كلامك، do you need to change طباعك؟ attitude ?
يعني mean lower or higher اجتماعي مستوى whether it is money-wise or .. او .. or تعليمياً .
but for مثلا مثلا if you بتتكلم using while talking إنجليزي words أو something and بتتعامل deal مع someone whose social level is lower منك you or whose التعليمي level is أقل than منك هتضطر you تغير your way of talking for example مثلا؟
طيب، , أيه is the most trait you like in yourself , you حاسس انه you like تفضل keep موجودة، and never to change it forever ابدا؟
well طيب، و أيه is أكتر أكتر trait in the other person قدامك، if there you قدامك، تتعامل deal with him , you feel that it أوي very hard to cope معاه، him عليها؟
طيب، طيب، أيه is the most thing that makes you feel طيب، مضغوط و uncomfortable ?
تمام أزاي طيب، طيب، و how do you % بت .. % bt overcome ده؟ ?
okay have جربت ever tried قبل while talking with someone في an interview or in an evaluation أن بتتكلم في إنجليزي تتكلم a topic that you are not fully understanding and تقول say ( ( الموضوع terms ) كويس so that المقابلة المقابلة نخلص؟ smoothly نخلص؟ نخلص؟
ايه happened ?
تمام طيب لو أنت do غير موبايل؟ موبايل؟ ?
why ?
طيب، , أخر أخر حاجة can you select أي that أنت believe in and persuade تقنعنا بيها، بيها can be to travel , to دراسة ، it can ممكن anything ?
okay okay , thank you .
طيب , shall we نبتدي أن telling us about your الخلفية where are you originally منين؟ منين؟ and .. and كنت you in قومية national school or دولية؟ one ? and what were the واللغات فيها ?
okay و بعد your education مسار what was the major you دخلت in ? and .. and why did you أختارت this major ? امتى امتى you حسيت أن you عايز to تخش التخصص major ده؟
well can you تحكيلنا تحكيلنا more عن .. أكتر بتدرس as well what do you study , i يعني what do دراستك أيه في الجامعة، university , لو there في for example a تخرج مشروع أو a كبير مشروع that تقولنا like to tell us عنه؟ ?
تمام طيب , سافرت have أنت traveled abroad قبل كده؟
تمام , in عامة في your travels كان عملت عملت friends او كده، كده، and انتوا انتوا still على touch ولا not ?
well لو أنت جاتلك الفرصة opportunity to تسافر abroad إن أنت got منحة عمل عرض أو scholarship هتاخد you take القرار القرار or would انت هتحب تفضل settle هنا وايه which things يعنى؟ تأثر your قرارك ?
okay do you بتعتبر نفسك an easy person تتكلم تتكلم معاه or not .. or do you يبقى much time for ice تعارف؟ تعارف؟
طيب , دي is the most أكتر you like في نفسك and you do n't want this الصفة to تتغير at all خالص؟
تمام قدامك and which trait لو there in the other person you ca n't deal with him , او بتحس fell that لأ 's hard to go on اكمل with .. dealing مع ده؟ الشخص ?
حاجة what is the most thing makes you feel انك you are مضغوط stressed ?
well , have قدامك ever tried قبل to be فى .. in a situation موقف، موقف، مقابلة , or في an evaluation and .. and بتتكلم في a topic which you do n't understand so you speak فبتتكلم english or ( ( to say sophisticated كلام ) ) so that the الموضوع تخلص؟ smoothly pass و others would feel أنت you understand تخلص؟
okay well can you do غير موبايل موبايل , and why if yes ليه، أو no ?
طيب بيها، can you select أي you believe in أو أنت مقتنع مقتنع of وتقنعنا وتقنعنا us of بيها، anything أنت believe that it شايفها important ?
مضحكة، mean is there حاجة، حاجة، في اقنعتنا اقنعتنا اقنعتنا نكمل complete masters ماجستير، في can be to تقنعنا تقنعنا بحاجة something مضحكة، مضحكة، or it can be with حاجة
ازاي؟ is that ازاي؟
و بعدين؟ ?
okay thanks .
طيب طيب can you تحكيلنا تحكيلنا عن your background بتاعتك، where originally are you منين؟ ? و .. و was you المدرسة a national ولا دولية؟ one دولية؟ و what were the اللغات فيها إنجليزي، ،ألماني؟ . arabic عربي، deutsch , فرنسي ،ألماني؟
طيب , و then المسار education career كده major did you enroll in ? و ليه did دخلتي دخلتي تخصص التخصص ده؟ ليه did ليه feel .. امتى امتى مثلا، it for امتى , امتى did you decide to join it تخشيه؟
تمام طيب and ممكن تحكيلنا tell تحكيلنا about دراستك، دراستك، , أنتي do you بتدرسي in the university الجامعة؟ what do you study ? و .. and بعد ممكن you tell تحكيلنا about your bachelor مشروع ?
can you tell us about how do you تحكيلنا your day يومك، how بيبقى your daily routine في حياتك حياتك الطبيعية؟ ?
okay طيب and the weekends ? بتعملي there anything different in الأجازات الأجازات الأسبوعية ? do you بتعملي for مثلا any معينة activities in الأجازة؟ يوم off الأجازة؟
well , have سافرتي سافرتي abroad before كده؟
well ممكن you تحكيلنا تحكيلنا عن the travels و the places you have been سافرتيها روحتيها، which place اللي عجبك روحتيها، the most and you wanted to تروحيه تاني؟ again ?
okay well when you سافرتي did you make اتصال and لو yes are you still in touch or not لأ؟
مكان نفسك نفسك like to go the most .. تزوريه طيب i يعني you have n't been there before .. ماسفرتيهمش have n't ماسفرتيهمش تروحيه؟ before and you عايزة to تروحيه؟ تروحيه؟
طيب لو you جاتك the opportunity تسافري تسافري إن أنتي have a عمل عرض or a scholarship would you go for this decision or not ? و ايه العوامل would impact your decision هتقرري؟
تمام أنتي do you بتسافري a lot جوا مصر egypt كتير
well , can you tell تحكيلنا about سفرية travel هنا في egypt you like the أوي، , المكان المكان was أوي، nice أوي، و الأنشطة الأنشطة اللي did there for example احكيلنا احكيلنا about سفرية، سفرية، i اكتر which حابتيها حابتيها liked حاجة يعنى؟ ?
okay , do you consider بتعتبري نفسك an سهل شخص تتكلم تتكلم to ولا do الناس بيحتاج time تتكلم تعارف؟ ice تعارف؟ ?
okay و do you feel it 's difficult تتعاملي deal مع بتاعهم from different social level , whether أقل or أعلى؟ منك منك أعلى؟ بتحسي بتحسي بتحسي انك انك محتاجة تغيري change your way of talking أو كلامك؟ كلامك؟ كلامك؟
طيب أنتي trait you like most في نفسك and you do n't want it تتغير تتغير أبدا، which أنتي like and عايزاها want to تفضل it ?
طيب and ايه trait في others لو there مش مش n't deal معاه، him , you مش n't % t .. t .. تتأقلمي with this الشخص ده؟
تمام لأ well is there any specific issue your parents are criticizing on فيها، بيقولوا say لك you have to stop doing this , or ده؟ ?
طيب and what حاسة مضغوطة و حاسة you مضغوطة؟ stress ?
well , how do you % bt .. overcome this الموضوع ? how do you بتتخطى ال .. ده؟ stress ?
have you ever tried قبل في in an interview أو in موقف evaluation and because there is a topic that أنتي are not totally understand so you start speaking in إنجليزي or ( هتتكلمي هتتكلمي هتتكلمي sophisticated كبير ) ) فتبتدي let التقييم evaluation smoothly pass and و الموضوع الموضوع % ي .. و ( ( الموضوع issue ends up ) ) and to make others feel that أنتي got فاهمة؟ ?
well does the other طيب صدق ده or ولا؟ ولا؟
well can تقدري live without موبايل؟ mobile موبايل؟ و why if أه or no ليه؟
تمام طيب the last سؤال، can ممكن تختاري أي you believe in .. anything you consider شايفاها مهمة و تقنعينا تقنعينا of , ممكن 's not شرط a شرط حاجة .. ممكن can be علمية، علمية، , it can be to نكمل our دراسة، دراسة، it ممكن حاجة something funny , or anything .
okay , ماشي thank you شكرا
طيب منين، shall نبتدي نبتدي بتاعتك introducing your الخلفية where are you originally منين، دولية؟ were كنت in a national ولا دولية؟ school دولية؟ و و which languages كانت taught at فيها english , arabic عربي، deutsch ألماني، french فرنسي؟
تمام
what اللغات كانت اللغات في في school ايه؟
تمام طيب , well and بعد مسار التعليم career أنت major did أنت enrolled في the university ? and إمتى did أختارت أختارت this التخصص ?
okay , well و did you مقرر مقرر for example قبل كده كنت انت at المدرسة مثلا like that or ولا .. or after بعديها؟
okay can you tell us كمان about your .. your study دراستك، بتدرس do دراستك، study at الجامعة؟ ? و .. و what هو؟ your المشروع ?
طيب have سافرت ever traveled مصر كده؟
إن أنت there any معين مكان that you تروحه، to go to , you would like to visit and i يعني أنت are متحمس forward to تروح تروح المكان place ?
تمام طيب what if أنت جالك فرصة opportunity to travel for a عمل عرض or منحة scholarship to تسافر for a long time would you take this القرار or not ? و أيه factors would % t .. تأثر قرارك decision i يعني؟ ?
which factors would هتأثر affecting your .. أيه؟ decision أيه؟
تمام well do you travel a lot internally in egypt ?
well , if you .. do you بتعتبر نفسك an سهل شخص تتكلم تتكلم to or do الناس need much وقت for ice تعارف؟ تعارف؟
okay , أنت أنت تتعامل any بصعوبة in dealing مع people of different الاجتماعي levels ?
which trait do أكتر like أكتر in yourself ومش نفسك do n't بتحبها to change بتحبها تتغير؟
طيب أكتر what is the most trait in .. لو present في the other شخص قدامك would n't be able تتعامل deal with معاه؟ معاه؟
طيب , okay أيه is حاجة most thing أن makes you مضغوط؟ ?
and how do you overcome stress ده، بتتصرف do you act أزاي؟
طيب have you ever tried قبل while you were in an interview أو in an evaluation if أنت are not totally understanding the الموضوع تتكلم speak تتكلم english and تتكلم complicated تتكلم تتكلم make كبير feel that you understand و the الموضوع يعدي؟ خلاص end up يعدي؟
طيب can you تعيش without موبايل mobile if yes أو no and ليه؟ ?
تمام well the last question is أنت can you select anything you see and تقنعنا مقتنع مقتنع of and convince تقنعنا of بيها، أي , ممكن ممكن be حاجة related to طيب دراسة، , ممكن ممكن be حاجة funny مضحكة؟
تمام thank you .
well ممكن we start by telling us about تقوليلنا background ، where are you originally from منين، و was you مدرسة a national or international one ? and what were the languages taught فيها english , عربي , ألماني , ،فرنسي؟ ،فرنسي؟
تمام well and بعد the التعليم مسار in the university which major did دخلتي تخصص in ? وكنتي when did وكنتي decide that you want تخشي join التخصص major ده؟
well , do انتي بتفكري of enrolling your ابنك in a national or in an international مدرسة ? .. and why مثلا مثلا .. what are اللغات اللغات that you are considering to teach for your اللغات , will you enroll تدخليها in english , فرنسي؟ school فرنسي؟ أكيد , for example you are setting a خطط for that .
طيب تخلصي، in الأحلام الجامعة كان is your dream job ? which job do you want to وظيفة بتاعتك؟ finishing your study ? كان job do نفسك like to join تشتغلي يعني؟ ?
طيب، , طيب ممكن you tell us about مثلا other job ما did you have done for example after graduation عملتيه، your current شغل أو تدريبات و you were في the الجامعة؟ ?
well , what انتي لو جالك الفرصة الفرصة تسافري travel abroad whether for a job offer أو دراسية هتعملي do that or not لأ؟ and القرارات القرارات .. العوامل factors would affect your decision ?
تمام تروحي what is the most place you would like تزوريه visit or ليه؟ to و ليه؟ ?
انتي do انتي عادة travel much بتسافري في egypt ?
well طيب can تحكيلنا تحكيلنا us about a سفرية that سافرتيها سافرتيها before and أوي enjoyed it and عجبك اتبسطي the place very much and it كان .. was very حلو، , عايزة تروحي want to تاني there again ?
طيب , ماتتغيرش is أكتر best trait you like في yourself , you feel that you want to keep it forever أبدا؟
well do you find any difficulty in dealing with ناس of مختلف social levels whether أقل أو أعلى صعب that عنك would need بتحسي تغيري your way of كلامك و .. و way i mean يعني؟
well أيه is حاجة most thing that makes you stressed and مضغوطة؟ مضغوطة؟ ?
well how do بتتعاملي % bt .. % bt بتتعاملي this ده؟
طيب you ever tried before و انتي انتي for example في an interview أو in an evaluation or when you are applying for a new شغل to be يسألك في a موضوع that you do n't understand it and so أوي start talking تتكلمي english and تتكلمي تتكلمي sophisticated terms so that the interview would smoothly end up .
well , what كان فعل other person reaction قدامك، i يعني does he appreciate that or he حس that no انه could have تقولي أي ?
okay can you do without موبايل mobile و لو اه or no and ليه؟ ليه؟
well برا، the أخر سؤال can you تختاري أي that نسافر believe in and تقنعينا تقنعينا of , anything حاجة، it can be to to نكمل complete دراسة، دراسة، أن أحنا be أحنا نسافر it can be anything ?
شكرا
تمام what is your طيب ابنك في مدرسة ايه؟
okay is دي national ولا international قومية؟
طيب , why did you choose اختارتي school or i mean why did you choose دولية؟ school ?
well اكتر كلمات كلمات does يعبر usually use to express himself and بلغة which بلغة ايه؟
well , ممكن تقوليلنا تقوليلنا us انت did انت درستي in في university ?
do you like more your working life ولا your الحياة when you were في university student ?
okay لو if you got فرصة opportunity to work في a private company for example او so would انك leave teaching .. teaching work ولا do you like الشغل in التدريس university ?
well do you تفضلي تعيشي here ولا to travel تسافري immigrate abroad برا؟
تمام
هل you have any role model أعلى؟
do you have any role model in حياتك؟ حياتك؟
do you find نفسك an easy الناس يكسروا تتكلم معاكي or is it difficult and there انها a need في تيجي الحواجز between you و بينهم؟ ?
طب is في a certain شخصية that you find تتعاملي difficult تتعاملي deal with ? i يعني a certain character while dealing معاها him you find it very صعب كده؟
no no type type
do not you feel that this issue ده making عليكي بيضغط بيضغط in certain time ?
تمام يجيي do you feel ان you تسمعيهم be burden هم الناس worries and تسمعيهم تنسي yours ? and forget your مشاكلك؟ وفي it ends by solving الناس ' problems and keeping yours ؟
لو بيفكر want يشتغل يشتغل في any company دي mean برضه؟ يشتغل not مدرس ta او a doctor so هل think that the العليا هل be مفيدة مفيدة برضه؟
what do you do in the الصبح إيه؟ you wake بتعملي ?
do بتعملي بتعملي معينة activity on حاجة weekends الأسبوعية؟
تمام طيب
عندك you have معينة؟ هوإيه معينة؟
which أكتر do you like بتحبي تطبخيها؟ the most تطبخيها؟
do you بتحبي reading القراية؟
إيه book have you ever read and in which language was it إيه؟
what كان إيه؟ about إيه؟
if you were not working in كتدريس as كمساعد teacher مدرس what would you إيه؟ ?
تمام طيب او did you work before in other jobs او did you do any تدريبات في university الجامعة؟
okay so you basically بتحبي working في the الجامعة more than تشتغلي في a خاصة شركة or so .
طب is there في certain سبب معين؟
no لأ؟ لأ؟ تمام
طيب do you like بتحبي المهنية life more or your life when you were a الجامعة؟ طالب الجامعة؟
have سافرتي سافرتي abroad before ?
سافرتي did you travel ?
okay so what was أكتر most علم مكان in أكتر country عجبتك؟ liked the most عجبتك؟
did you make friends هناك؟ هناك؟
لو جاتلك جاتلك فرصة opportunity to تهاجري البلد؟ would انك تحبي تحبي ولا would أنت بتحبي to settle here ?
okay
okay is there في معينة بلد you which you like تهاجريها travel to or to تسافريلها لو you got فرصة؟ فرصة؟ فرصة؟
طب هل هل there any moment حسيتى in which عليكي felt that it is تحول؟ turning point تحول؟
انه you feel that كنت كان totally قبلها it .
do you like more تشتغلي individually or في team ?
if there is في مشروع تشتغلي are working عليه , would you like to work في group or individually ليه؟
ليه؟ ليه؟
طيب معاها؟ , is there certain نوع شخصيات شخصيات you feel that you هعرف not هعرف able to deal with ?
do you find any difficulty in تتعاملي with a شخص طبع certain معين ?
what ايه؟
can you please tell us what does word متملقين؟ يعنى متملقين؟
okay can you tell us يومك your day starting from بيمشي تصحى up تصحى the كده؟ كده؟
which team do you cheer ?
تمام طيب بتعملها there a معينة activity that بتعملها بتعملها في نهاية الأسبوع؟ الأسبوع؟ الأسبوع؟
تمام هل okay do عندك عندك معينة هواية that you like بتحب تعملها في وقتك free time الفاضي؟
okay , which الانترنت؟ لعبة do you like to play الانترنت؟
okay طيب أغانى you listen to music طبعا
would you like to تحب تسمع عربي ولا إنجليزي songs و مين is your preferred المغنى ?
okay what .. what إيه your الأحلام التخصص ? أو let خلينا start from the الأول خلاك makes نبدأ choose your التخصص حاسبات science ?
okay what would you like to تشتغل when you grow up , your الأحلام وظيفة ?
okay i هسألك say بطريقة other words would you like تشتغل work في بطريقة university in the academic field or would you like تشتغل work في a private شركة؟ ?
private شركة
تمام طيب
regarding indonesia have أنت ever سافرت في غير إندونسيا؟ ?
okay and what أنت the most thing عجبتك like in البلد country أنت سافرتها؟ to سافرتها؟
okay did عملت make friends هناك؟ ? لو yes are you still بتتكلموا contact ولا لأ؟ ?
طب إيه which المكان you would نفسك to visit أو which البلد would نفسك like % t .. to تسافرلها to .
ليه؟ ليه؟
okay , what if you got the opportunity to travel مصر؟ برا، % ت .. would انك تقبل الفرصة الفرصة ولا do you prefer انك تقعد في egypt مصر؟
تمام
could you please تحكيلي تحكيلي about سفرية آخر سفرية سافرتها did internally جوا طيب مصر؟ ?
okay do you have a role أعلى؟ أعلى؟
do you في a role model in something ?
why then تانى؟
طيب regarding your part-time job هسألك بتشتغلها ask you a كده would أنك rather be liked or تفضل تحترمك؟ و why ليه؟
which thing أكتر like the most في yourself ?
تمام خلاص okay في there a معينة نوع of شخصيات إن أنت صعب صعب تتعامل تتعامل with , if في person في that شخصية you would know that it would be very صعب to deal with that الشخص .
okay
all of كلنا all of كلنا
طيب have كده ever tried before تتكلم تتكلم in إنجليزي just تبين pretend that you تبين نفسك و الحقيقة أنت 're ولا حاجة؟
i mean حاولت تتكلم in certain topic حاولت تتكلم تبين some إنجليزي words to عشان as if you بقى و so ..
تمام
تمام طب since احنا احنا في عصر technology era do you بتحب التكنولوجيا can you live without بتاعك الموبايل ولا لأ؟ لأ؟
why ليه؟
i أنا not convinced i feel that i بحس فيهم مبالغ overrated .
يعنى mean أنا feel that يعني مثلا us that study , work , and تعمل بتاعك مثلا البكالوريوس take the البكالوريوس and وأنت make master 's انت فاحنا go on في في التعليم path .
i feel إن they do n't بيفكروا
بحس بحس إن may أحنا أحنا نكون much more educated compared عنهم them .
بحس بحس ان they هم n't know anything except يشوطوا الكورة ball يعني
definitely , it would never be the same as the football player get paid .
so much كتير
nobody حد
أنا أنا اقتنعت اقتنعت actually
شكرا you
طيب can تحكيلنا tell us what do you بتعملي every يوم الصبح ?
how do you start your day ?
okay عندك you have certain activity that you like doing في الأجازات weekends ?
okay do you like reading تقري؟
do you like reading in arabic or in english ?
و أيه أيه the أكتر book you like to بتحبيه؟ ?
okay أيه what is القصة story you have read قريتيها and تاني؟ feel أنك you ممكن to تقريها تاني؟ تقريها تاني؟
i يعني it influenced you معاكى
علمتك علمتك علمتك something .
okay بتحبي do you like listening to music أغانى؟
do عندك have معين favorite مغني you بتحبي listening to تسمعيله؟
ظيب do you like تسمعى to arabic or english songs ?
can تحكيلنا تحكيلنا us عن أنشطة you بتعمليها practicing besides college الجامعة؟
after الجامعة what is بتاعتك؟ dream job بتاعتك؟
% bt i mean where would نفسك تشتغلي تشتغلي work فين؟
مبدأيا , would نفسك like to work in the أكاديمية أكاديمية for example و to do ماجستير و دكتوراه and so on or do you want to work في a خاصة؟ شركة ?
okay بتحبي in الجامعة do تشتغلى تشتغلى تشتغلى في individual projects ولا المشاريع group projects و why ؟
why ليه؟
okay have you ever طيب كده؟ قبل كده؟
سافرتى did فين؟ فين؟ ?
ممكن عجبك tell us عجبك أكتر أكتر مكان you enjoyed سافرتيه؟ in مصر سافرتيه؟
and وأيه الأنشطة عملتيها وأيه you do هناك؟ هناك؟
طيب what if you got فرصة فرصة تسافري travel مصر؟ would you تحبي it ولا would you like to تعيشي مصر in egypt ?
تكملي you continue تعيشي in egypt مصر؟
do you feel that traveling السفر has فوائد وليه mean does it ليه pros و cons ?
why do بتشوفي بتشوفي فيه that أيه؟
okay do you feel that شخصيتك character has changed after joining هندسة in general ?
do you have a role قدوة or an example in certain field % bt i mean a model you think ان you want to be like أو بتتعلمي بتتعلمي زيه from حاجة؟
okay , currently if you were in charge of a team and you انت the فريق leader and there is a مهمة أنه should be المفروض would تحترمك؟ like i mean the السؤال بيقول كده أنك rather تكون liked ولا respected تحترمك؟
would تحبي prefer people تعمل the الشغل out of loving you ولا بتحبك بتحترمك you , وخايفة being afraid منك؟ منك؟ منك؟
do you بتحسي أنت you are an سهل شخص تتعامل ice تتعامل معاه and وتتكلم talk to or is صعب hard to get to يتعرف someone بسرعة و to يتكلم to و كده؟ on ?
is there a certain character of a الشخص if met , قدامك would feel أن it would be عارفه صعب أن اتعامل with لأن there في certain trait في اتقبلها؟ that you would اتقبلها؟ اتقبلها؟ ?
okay , can you تقولنا us every يوم بتبدأ do you بتبدأ your يومك ? أيه أيه your daily routine ?
okay , is there معينة أنشطة you are practicing في the الأجازات الأسبوعية ?
what is the most hobby you like practicing in your free الفاضى؟ الفاضى؟
okay which كتاب did you like قريته أثر that فيك have read before و deeply influenced you ? و in what language was it أيه؟ arabic عربي، english or ايه؟ was ايه؟ ايه؟
طيب , خلال دراستك الأنشطة في خلال الجامعة would you like to work more individually أو في فريق؟ دراستك ?
do عندك have certain favorite مغني that تسمعله would like to بتحب to or ..
عجباك you like أكتر working حياة يعنى mean or عجباك عجباك عجباك more your life كطالب في الجامعة كطالب studying و كده؟ on ? i يعني since you اشتغلت اشتغلت before as a part-timer في a certain agency and كده on كده
طب do لوحدك؟ like working لوحدك؟ or في فريق ? in any أى مشروع at work , outside الشغل، , or in any أى place حته؟
أحسنلك you أحسنلك تشتغل in a group , i mean يعنى team , or individually ?
okay what if someone في your الفريق felt that انه is depressed و that he could n't go on يكمل the المشروع and كده on were كنت % بت .. actually how do you بتقوموا and encourage بتقوموا other .
okay have you سافرت سافرت before and if yes لو did you سافرت فين؟
okay can you tell تقولنا ما do انت بتعمل in your day since يومك wake up in الصبح الصبح كده؟
مثلا do you have معينة هوايات that you like practicing فراغك your free time بتحب example listening to موسيقى , أفلام معينة؟ movies معينة؟
طيب ممكن can you tell تقولنا what is your المفضلة song إيه؟ و is هي عربي و english ؟
okay ممكن تحكيلنا tell تحكيلنا عن عن was the أخر فيلم you إتفرجت إتفرجت watched إيه؟
أو أكتر movie تتفرج like watching the most اتفرجت أنت have اتفرجت it كذا than مرة
can you tell us about قصته story and what was its اسمه .
طيب إن إن did أنت choose تبقى be في the academic الحياة and تشتغل work في the الجامعة؟ ?
why did n't إنك think مثلا working in a خاصة company أو so ?
طيب إيه أنت أنت your الأحلام job ?
i يعني if أنت completed ماجستير here in في university and you قررت not to resume كمدرس a teacher و wanted تشتغل work متخيل a company ( ( where do you find yourself ) فين؟ ?
okay في standing أنت class و for example you بتطلب your الطلاب بتوعك بتوعك certain أكتر إن you like بتوعك بتحب do it out of fear ولا out love ?
so they do it out of الحب i يعني not out of respect only ?
معينة مهمة .
do عاجباك miss your الحياة كطالب a الجامعة كطالب و يعني the university life or ولا حياتك like more المهنية life و كده؟ on ?
okay هل there في moment في حياتك felt that it حسيت a turning point حسيت so on كده؟
which هو that قبلها i used to think بطريقة a certain بطريقة but after that point i 'm بفكر in بطريقة different way .
أو for مثلا i كنت to جامعة a certain faculty but i joined another عايزها .
is there anything that changed حياتك حياتك i mean .
طيب هل , did you like working in فريق or كنت كنت like more بتحب work for example مثلا أكتر؟ مشروع أكتر؟ and .. and why ليه؟
يعني mean tell شايفها how do أنت see كل .
okay do you have a role model for example ?
for example in حياتك الإجتماعية life is there حد that you want to يعني؟ like يعني؟
in your حياتك while studying for example is there مثلا doctor or anybody that أنت % بتتطلع بتتطلع up to له يعني؟ ?
okay have جربت ever tried قبل in which you were not totally في the موقف في have أنت tried جربت speak in english إن أنت you فهتتكلم appear to be بقى فاهم و so on ?
طيب , can تقولنا tell تقولنا بتبدأ do you بتبدأ your يومك ازاي؟ what do you when you بتبدأ تعمل every morning أيه؟ أيه أيه your daily routine كده؟
طيب you بتعمل a معينة activity في the weekends الأسبوعية؟
i mean ليك there anything بتحب بتحب doing أو for example do you like playing sport ? anything ?
طيب can you تحكيلنا us about اخر اخر فيلم اتفرجت watched عليه؟
أو أكتر most فيلم you like
طيب بتحب بتحب بتحب reading القراية؟
طيب أكتر can you تقولنا us about to whom you بتحب reading تقراله؟ most ?
and is ده هل english ولا arabic عربي؟
and أيه كتاب greatly فيك؟ فيك؟ ?
أيه is your dream job if you انت n't مساعد ta what would you تحب to work أيه؟
can you tell تحكيلنا about the internship أو a full-time جزئي jobs that تبقى have done before being مدرس ta مساعد؟
طيب can تقولنا تقولنا تقولنا about لحظة لحظة في your حياتك when حياتك felt that it is a تحول؟ نقطة تحول؟
أنت example before قبلها you used to think بطريقة a certain بطريقة but بعدها you حسيت that تفكيرك mindset has اتغير أو something في your الشخصية اتغيرت؟ changed اتغيرت؟
okay طب do you عادة like في الشغل or when you were a student بتحب work individually ولا في جماعي؟ مشروع جماعي؟ و why ليه؟
ليه do ليه choose بتختاره؟ الاختيار ?
do you have a certain role أعلى in حياتك حياتك حد % bt you look up to for مثلا in your الاجتماعية الحياة أو في في university life ? a role model ?
do you consider yourself شحص person .. an easy person تتكلم تتكلم to ولا a صعب one , that people need more فترة to ice break نكسر نفسك and so كده؟
okay , هل there في معينة character if you بتبقى you ca n't deal معاه؟ ? or هتقبله؟ مش هتقبله؟ accept ?
because طبع certain certain معين
can you do without a mobile ? و ليه؟ ?
طيب أزاي ممكن you tell us what do you do every الصبح أيه and كده؟ كده؟ ?
طيب on the weekends do you have معينة plans أو certain أنشطة ? or ولا .. i mean ممكن تحكيلنا tell us what do you بتعمل في الأجازة الأسبوعية؟ الأسبوعية؟
do عندك عندك certain hobbies أو certain رياضة you like تلعبها؟ تلعبها؟ or رياضة رياضة that you بتحب تشجعها؟ تشجعها؟ تشجعها؟ i mean every .. tell بتاعتك؟ شويه about كلمنا الهوايات بتاعتك؟
okay you listen to أغاني of course % س؟ س؟
okay can you tell تقولنا % b .. do you like more تسمع to arabic ولا english ?
and who is بتاعك؟ favorite singer ?
okay ممكن you تحكيلنا تحكيلنا about أكتر movie you بتحبه the most أو what is أخر last movie you watched عليه؟ وليه why did it influenced you فيك؟ أو why did عجبتك؟ like أثر قصته ?
okay ممكن you تحكيلنا تحكيلنا after جامعة لما would you like to تشتغل أيه؟
what أيه your الأحلام الأحلام بتاعتك؟
طيب أنت did you عملت تدريب أو have you ever تشتغل دوام كامل أو part-time في قبل ?
okay ممكن تحكيلنا تحكيلنا تحكيلنا about واحدة of فيهم و و what كده؟ did you get ?
طيب بما you have جربت before to تشتغل او do you think that your life while كطالب a university كطالب أحسن better ولا المهنية الحياة is much أحسن؟ أحسن؟
زيارة سياحية؟ ?
انت انت بتحب reading ?
i mean have n't you tried to read a book قبل كده؟ arabic عربي؟ english ?
okay هل there any moment when you feel that it حاسيت a تحول point and that حياتك life path has changed بعد this اللحظة .
for مثلا you wanted to join معينة faculty و you دخلت another one .
كنت كنت عاوز تخصص تخصص while you had to join another تخصص تاني
i mean any period في حياتك life when you feel that it is a turning point .
did غيرت feel that it change مثلا؟ في شخصيتك personality حاجة example ?
okay at الجامعة would you like to تشتغل individually or in team work و why ?
do you have a أعلى؟ model أعلى؟ a role الأعلى for you في a certain field ? في في حياتك الأجتماعية المذاكرة do you شايف someone for example اجتماعي so you تبقى like to تبقى مثل him أعلى؟ أو you find someone ناجح so you want to learn زيه؟ منه؟ منه؟
ممكن can be someone من your family أهلك، someone من صحابك، , someone from .. people بتدرسك in the الجامعة .
طيب سهل do you see yourself الناس easy تتكلم talk تتكلم or do you feel that it بتلاقي difficult for others تتكلم تبدأ talking to you فإنها maybe you need more time to get to تتعرفوا على other or to ice break and so on كده؟
طيب أيه أيه trait do you بتحبها the most في yourself أو فيك؟ feel that people بتحبها it as well فيك؟
طيب is there certain character that you ca n't اتعامل with تقول لقيته has certain trait that i do n't like it مابحبوش؟
it هو ال .. هنبني project بعد دي يعني we do حاجات things for build machine or something on الآلة will help الناس to تتوقع قدامه و if .. .. أذا he هو a student ولا he works or something .. how would he speak بطريقة which way so it would يوجه اللي فيوجه who asks أو الناس في work how to deal with him and how تسأله تسأله بطريقة معينة way .
طيب can you تقولنا تقولنا لما do يومك بتصحي your day ازاي؟
what إيه your daily routine ?
ممكن you تقولنا us بتعمل do you do في the weekends ? لو عندك have معينة plans او activities that you like practicing ?
هل you عندك certain hobby that you like practicing ? do you read for example ? do you practice رياضة؟ رياضة؟
ممكن تقولنا تقولنا us which كتاب you read before that you قريته وحبيته and وأثر you the most فيك؟ و if you remember مقولة quote that عجبتك؟ مثلا فيك؟ it ? و was it بالإنجليزي english ولا بالعربي؟ بالعربي؟
طيب which فيلم do you like عن the most عليه؟ انتفرجت you تتفرج عليه كذا than once ? or the آخر فيلم you أتفرجت watched ? أحكينا يعني could أحكينا tell us the story ?
طيب لو طيب if أنت were n't بتشتغل now دلوقتي as i mean ، what would be your مساعد مساعد what would you like تشتغل تشتغل فين؟
تمام حاسس do you think دلوقتي your الحياة now في the working المهنية is better compared to نفسك university life as a student أحلي؟
okay أنت you سافرت سافرت before ؟
okay can you tell us about your last trip في مصر سافرت did you سافرت ? و .. and إيه experience that كانت هناك i mean ?
هل أنت عندك a role model or حد أن عندك want to تبقي مثل him in your حياتك for مثلا or في your working field ?
do نفسك نفسك yourself % ش .. an سهل person تتعامل تتعامل with or do الناس need more وقت يتعرفوا يتعرفوا to know you وكلمكوا at في beginning وكلمكوا do n't talk قليل و كده؟ ?
هل there certain trait if معين في someone .. i يعني if this trait is في الشخص yo أنت هتقول not be able to deal معاه؟ him معاه؟
that 's it i 'm sure أن أنا will not be able أتعامل deal مع this person because أتعامل has certain trait that أنا do n't مابحبوش؟ ?
طيب can you تحكيلنا us about your daily routine . when do you get up ? تروح بتاعك college % ت .. i يعني إحكيلنا us أول الصبح when you wake up لما do you do بيحصل
طيب you have معينة أنشطة you are practicing في the weekend or طيب do عندك spend الأجازة الأسبوعية إزاي؟
okay do you have certain هوايات بتحب like % t .. practicing i mean ?
طيب have أنت سافرت مصر قبل ?
طيب سافرت can you tell تحكيلنا where did you travel and what experience you كانت في there و which place أنت you like فرق most i mean .
طيب لو أنت got the فرصة for منحة دراسية و for شغل abroad هل إنك accept that ده؟ i يعني إن دراسية تهاجر برا أو لا yo you prefer تكمل تكمل تكمل و تعيش here ?
and why ليه؟
okay do عندك عندك شخص أعلى مثل , i يعني مثلك role الأعلى في certain field for example مثلا؟
okay i تفضل ask you سؤال question would أنك rather تكون محبوب or تحترمك؟ ?
i mean would تحب like إن تطلب ask مثلا to do something لما يعملها it out of love و out of بيحترمك or because he هو for example afraid منك منك for مثلا؟ مثلا؟
do you believe that نفسك are an سهل person to تتكلم to و لا 's hard to ice break with الناس و is it easy يتعاملوا get to know الحواجز من الحواجز أول ?
طيب can تحكيلنا tell تحكيلنا what do you do every morning الصبح؟ i يعني أيه 's your اليومي اليومي بتاعك؟
okay can you tell us لو the plans you بيبقى في الأجازات weekends و if there are certain hobbies you like تمارسيها for مثلا؟ ?
طيب can تقوليلنا تقوليلنا us would بتحبي like تقري بالعربي بالعربي or in إنجليزي and which book you have read that affected you فيكى و if there is a معينة مقولة تقدري can tell لنا او كده؟ كده؟
طيب can تقوليلنا tell تقوليلنا have you ever traveled abroad before or لا ?
طيب يعني where did you travel internally في في egypt , and أيه city did you like the هناك .. i mean sorry ايه place did عجبك like most in مصر كتجربة an experience و so .
well , what if أنك get فرصة فرصة تهاجري travel abroad هل جاتلك accept أنك or ولا .. i يعني منحة a دراسية for example او so or would you much like to settle with your parents في حابه مصر؟
okay أيه سؤال ask you a little more personal question أيه moment have you ever felt that it دي a turning نقطة و that before كنت كنت to بفكر بطريقة certain way while بعدها قبلها your mindset أو your مسار life طريقة اتغير؟ اتغير؟ .
for مثلا في مثلا قالت انه كانوا had عايزين تانية جامعة و دخلوا joined the جامعة .. i mean for example كانوا had wanted college أ but they دخلوا college b .
واحدة قالت us before أنه her turning point بتاعها لما she gave ولدت قبلها that she was n't مش to have مسئولية مسئولية then she حست that there في مسئول that she لازم to be responsible of .
فممكن فممكن تقوليلنا تقوليلنا us the moment أن بتاعتك؟ felt is حسيتها turning point ?
طيب do عندك عندك a role حد ليكى who is a role مثلك .. مثلك الأعلى؟ مثلك you ?
okay بيقول تفضل is a question أنك أنك rather تكون محبوب ولا تفضل , أن الناس would تحترمك، choose ليه؟ و ليه؟ ليه؟
okay بتعتبري do you consider yourself an easy شخص تتعامل تتعامل with ولا is صعب hard to يكسروا ice الحواجز with others بسهولة؟
طيب اليومي can تحكلنا تحكلنا us about الروتين daily routine ? i mean what do you do every morning ?
okay do you عندك خطط معينة plans بتعلمها are practicing في the weekends ?
okay , بتسمع sure you listen أغاني songs طبعا
تمام طيب can تحكيل tell us .. well do بتحب بتحب reading طيب؟
طب هل can you تحكيلنا us عن the آخر كتاب you have read قريته؟ was it in english ولا arabic عربي؟ and can it be if فيه حاجة something about it that affected فيك .
okay طيب can you تحكيلنا us عن the last movie you اتفرجت watched عليه؟ or which movie do you like و it affected فيك؟ فيك؟ و can it be to تحكيلنا us about قصته؟ about it that affected عجبك قصته؟
طيب، أنت have أنت traveled سافرت قبل كده؟
okay ممكن you تحكيلنا us about which countries have you traveled to ? و مثلا sightseeing كانت عجبتك؟ like the most عجبتك؟ and which مكان did نفسك like the most و want تزوره visit تزوره تاني؟ تاني؟
okay هل عملت عملت صحاب there هناك؟ ولو yes , لسه you بتتكلموا in contact or not لأ؟
okay can you تحكيلي us about a domestic trip في مصر، a مكان سافرته have traveled في سافرته مصر and you حاسيت إنه that it 's a حلو المكان and you would تنصح it to other الناس و كده؟ on كده؟
okay what if you جتلك فرصة opportunity for a scholarship أو for immigration مصر، مصر، would جتلك like ده or not لأ؟ و .. and ليه؟ ليه؟
okay أنت أنت any في model in your حياتك؟ حياتك؟ it ممكن be for مثلا % ك .. if we talk about social الحياة أو for example حياتك life في college ?
طب can أنت live without موبايل؟ موبايل؟ ? وليه؟ وليه؟ وليه؟
طيب ممكن تحكيلنا تحكيلنا تحكيلنا ما do you do in your day when you تصحي up كده، what 's your اليومي routine ?
okay do you have any certain hobbies بتحب you like practicing في your فراغك اي وقت او anytime وقت؟
طيب do you like more تسمع to إنجليزي or عربي أغاني ?
طيب do you have a favorite اغنية or singer that you like listening to وكده؟
ممكن you تحكيلنا تحكيلنا عن the فيلم of آخر movie you watched and اكتر اتفرجت بتحبه the most ?
طيب what if you جتلك فرصة opportunity تسافر travel abroad في a دراسية أو for immigration , would you like to do that ? ولا would إنك much تفضل to settle في egypt مصر؟
طيب إنت إنت you like reading ?
هو أنا like القراية بس i أنا so much lazy في القراية بس i like القراية القراية
okay do you بتفضل كتاب عربي ولا إنجليزي؟ كتاب ?
بصي it حسب on السياق السياق مثلا example لو i هقرا read an arabic book and it 's a رواية , so فآه لو the الرواية يعني is oriental so فهقراها will read it from .. من arabic author .
but if there is something علمية مثلا أكيد , will go هفضل إنجليزي so as to متأكد متأكد that it is a more موثوق مصدر no more أكتر
okay إنت there anybody whom عندك consider as a بتاخده model in your حياتك؟ حياتك؟ حد you بتتطلع up to أو نفسك want تبقى be ليه him و to بتتعلم something زيه him حاجة؟
okay there is a question about would أنك rather be liked or تفضل ? إنت الناس هتختار تحترمك؟ هتختار and ليه؟ ?
can تقوليلنا تقوليلنا us لما 's your daily اليومي when you wake up in the morning بتاعك؟ and what do بتعملي usually do in the beginning of the day ?
wow
do عندك have certain hobbies أو certain plan بتحبي like practicing في the الأسبوعية؟ ?
do you like reading in بالعربي or بالإنجليزي؟ بالإنجليزي؟ بالإنجليزي؟ and would قريتي share عجبك with any book you like reading بيه؟ and a favorite ومقولة for example or anything to be مقولة؟ مقولة؟
okay , so now you have mentioned that you will شغلك working as مساعد ta
نفسك would you like to work ? what إيه بتاعتك؟ dream الأحلام ?
تمام
طيب مثلا، do you have a role model أو role model في .. في حياتك life for example whether في college أو outside الجامعة؟ الجامعة؟
طيب do نفسك بتعتبري yourself an easy person to talk to or not .. or a difficult person to ice break with و an تتكلموا person to talk to معاكي مرة تشوفوا get to know new بعض ?
تمام، , كان فيه a بيقول about would أنك rather تكون محبوب ولا تحترمك؟ تحترمك؟ تختاري one أن you choose و ليه؟ ليه؟
in class as و ta for مثلا مثلا
okay can you tell تحكلنا what do you do every الصبح when you wake up إيه؟ إيه 's الروتين اليومي routine ?
okay , do عندك have any specific plans on the الأجازة الأسبوعية أو هوايات that you like practicing or كده؟ ?
طيب بتحب بتحب like reading ?
طيب do you remember اخر اخر كتاب you have read كان in إنجليزي or in arabic عربي؟ and did it فرق معاك حاجة؟
a story for example .
okay could you tell تحكلنا about قصته story of the آخر movie اتفرجت اتفرجت watched ?
طيب إنت إنت traveled سافرت قبل كده؟
طيب can you tell us about an internal trip in مصر، to a place that you liked ?
okay , what if إنك got فرصة فرصة تسافر تسافر abroad for a scholarship or for immigration ولا إنك توافق و like doing that or would إنك much prefer to تقعد في كده مصر؟ مصر؟
okay have حياتك مريت by تحول؟ بوقت which you felt was a تحول؟ نقطة ? before قبلها كنت was بتفكر بطريقة a certain way but later on أنا شخصيتي and your mindset changed اتغيرت؟
طيب و when you were a student did كنت prefer تشتغل work بعض في a project ولا تبقوا work in group مع a كفريق؟ ?
okay what if someone in في الفريق أحبط خصل أحبط أو خصل that you will not هتخلصوا تكملوا؟ أو so بترفعوا did you % ب .. يعني up the spirit to تكملوا؟ going ?
okay do you have a role model في your حياتك؟ حياتك؟ حد who is your مثلك الأعلي في certain حاجة ?
طيب there is محبوب question بيقول would أنك rather be liked ولا تفضل أن الناس would you تحترمك، ?
مش n't you مش that being too much into تكنولوجيا تبقى affect the communication بين people ?
can ممكن choose anything تقنعنا persuade تقنعنا بيها؟ بيها؟
anything
أنا 'm totally اقتنعت
thank you شكرا
okay ممكن بتاعك؟ تحكيلنا تحكيلنا عن your اليومي routine بتاعك؟
what do you do بتصحى you get up بالليل؟ الصبح morning بالليل؟
طيب can you tell us what do you do في الأجازات الأجازات الأسبوعية؟ الأسبوعية؟ ايه plans do بتاعتك have and what الخطط do you like بتعمل تمارسها؟ ?
okay , do you بتحب تقرا؟ ?
okay can تحكيلنا تحكيلنا تحكيلنا عن اخر last فيلم you have watched or a movie you اتفرجت the most and liked its story which تشاركنا you بيها؟
طيب، طيب، of course you listen to اغاني .
okay can تقولنا tell us do ممكن like listening بتسمع arabic ولا english songs and what is the name of عجبتك favorite مغني for example او مغني اغنية that you like ?
طيب can you tell us .. tell us about a مكان that you visited in egypt and عجبك؟ it عجبك؟
هو question يعني do you feel that موقف situation changed your حياتك او ( ( that before حصلك used act in certain way و then you totally اتغيرت، ) ) i mean my character changed not only at الجامعة، اتغيرت، i mean the السؤال is in general شوية
okay في الجامعة do لوحدك بتحب working in groups ولا to work individually on a مشروع، , and why ?
okay do you have a role model في حياتك حياتك or i يعني a role model
طيب هل is في معينة في شخص، الشخص لاقيته ca بتقول هعرف اتعامل مع ده؟
i يعني معين trait that you do n't like the other person to have قدامك، you متأكد فبتبقى assure that you ده n't be able اتعامل deal with الشخص او صعب 's hard اتعامل اتعامل with معاه،
طيب، can you tell us تقوللي something that your parents % by .. بينتقدوك بينتقدوك فيها؟ ?
حاجة your parents highlights بتقولك عيلتك لازم بتقولك change or لازم بتقولك تصلحها it .
هو believe as يرضه that you انت بتتكلم from a ميكانيكية، perspective , عربيات، , wires , and so whereas computer science is not limited to ال .. in computer science there is software , game تطوير مواقع، web تطوير many things that are far بعيدة عن robot programming او vehicles البرمجة or so كده،
طيب can تبتدي start by تعرفينا مدرستك about your background , إنتي are إنتي أصلا منين، منين، and was your school قومية or international دولية؟ دولية؟
طيب can تحكيلنا tell تحكيلنا how do you بتعملي بتاعك؟ day ? إيه إيه بتعملي daily routine ?
بيبقى you have certain خطط في the weekend الأسبوعية؟ or for مثلا do you have certain hobbies that you like practicing ?
okay do you like listening to music ?
طيب بتحبي do you بتحبي reading تقري؟
okay ممكن تقوليلنا إيه إيه الموضوعات الموضوعات بتبحث search عليها؟ i mean that .. that you are بتبحث عليها؟ ?
الاصطناعي
طيب can تحكيلنا تحكيلنا تحكيلنا عن the أخر فيلم you عليه أو about the movie you liked the most or could you tell تحكيلنا قصته قصته of the فيلم you like the most .
okay have you ever traveled برا؟ ?
طيب جوا have you traveled internally في egypt ? have you visited for مثلا الأقصر أسوان، و aswan , دهب؟ ?
طيب فيهم can you تحكيلنا تحكيلنا عن رحلة رحلة that you have سافرتيها سافرتيها what did you do there , و في there مثلا a مثلا مكان you have visited and you liked عجبك .
حسيتي , can you tell تقوليلنا إيه وقت have you felt إنه that it 's a تحول؟ نقطة ?
إنه were قبليها .. someone و while after this moment yo u became someone تاني أو بقيتي mindset changed و لو that changed something في your شخصيتك حاجة us as well برضه
okay لما you were at الجامعة or even now do لوحدك like تشتغلي more في فريق or لوحدك لوحدك individually على any مشروع؟ ? و ليه؟ ?
okay do you have a role model بتاعك؟ في مثلا في مجال شغلك، الأعلى شغلك، في your social life in عامة الإجتماعية؟ is إنتي someone that you like and want to بتبقى like him من one aspect of his personality حاجة؟
okay تفضل is question بيقول would أنك rather تكون محبوب or respected تحترمك؟ تختاري one would تحترمك؟ choose ليه؟
okay can تقولنا تقولنا تقولنا بتبدأ do you بتبدأ your يومك ? او what ايه your اليومي ما when بتاعك بتصحى up بتصحى the morning ?
okay you بتسمعها listening بتبقى english or arabic الأغاني , and can you تقولنا تقولنا مثلا أغنية do بتحبها بتحبها most او which مغني do you بتحب تسمعله؟ to ?
طيب would you بتحب reading تقرا؟
do you بتحب تكتب عن مواضيع topics ? can you تقولنا تقولنا some of بتكتبها؟ بتكتبها؟ ?
ممكن you tell us about لو انت .. تتخرج الله 's willing أيه 's بتاعتك؟ dream job ? i mean do you شايف yourself working in .. في a company for example software development أو web تطوير أو game تطوير or do you want هتعمل make masters or i يعني هتخش نفسك join academic field or هتخش you join the practical life و تشتغل in a private agency and so كده؟
طيب have you ever tried to تعمل internships or تشتغل work part-time or دوام كامل somewhere else than the other place you did the internship انت you told us about ممكن you بتاعتك us about your التجربة كانت was it أزاى؟ ?
okay من of بتاعتك experience do you think انت is better the working الحياة or your life as a university student ? and why .. why did you choose this option , explain why did you ليه this الإختيار ?
okay ممكن تقولنا تقولنا تقولنا about لحظة moment في your حياتك انه كانت a turning نقطة بالنسبالك، before قبلها حياتك حياتك was تحول في حاجة certain path while بعدها this مثلا you changed your ده after this moment شخصيتك شخصيتك اتغيرت او so on كده؟
okay في college would you like تشغل work عالمشاريع in groups or do you بتحب to work لوحدك، و .. و why ?
okay do عندك have a role model in .. مثلا مثلا في your study or في your الأجتماعية، حياتك في عامة , is there حاجة who is بالنسبالك role model in certain حاجة معينة؟
okay there is a question says would you rather be محبوب or تفضل تحترمك، which one would you هتختار و why ?
انا هتعرف there certain trait في .. in الشخص that you ca n't تتعامل مع ?
طيب , what situation makes فيه متوتر، , تحس mean ان موقف you ? or which موقف موقف عامة؟ makes you irritated عامة؟
okay , have أنت ever tried to تتكلم in english في a موقف that do n't know the .. الموضوع topic you are talking about and هتقول speak too much english words تحسس make others feel انك you فاهم everything and so on ?
thank you
طيب can you tell us what do يومك do every الصبح؟ ? ايه 's الروتين daily routine بتاعك؟ when you بتاعك؟ up what do you إيه؟ ?
okay this كلام very جميل
تقرى have تقرى ever tried reading قبل ?
بتحبى بتحبى like القراية؟ القراية؟
طب would أنتى بتفضلى طب تقرى arabic or in إنجليزي؟ ?
تمام طيب , is there any quote أو say you have قرتيها in a book that وعجبتك وعجبتك بتحبى and like to وعجبتك بيها حياتك؟ your life حياتك؟
طيب , مشكلة مشكلة ?
بتحبى تسمعى like listening to أغانى؟ ?
okay can you tell بتاعك the name of your favorite singer أو الفرقة you تسمعيلها listening to ?
okay can تحكيلنا تحكيلنا تحكيلنا about the last فيلم you اتفرجتى watched or a movie اتفرجتى you watched و like to watch it several مرة i mean you liked قصته story as it وفرقت عجبتك , can you لنا لنا قصته؟ story of this movie قصته؟
okay have you ever traveled عمرك قبل ?
طيب تسافرى can you تحكيلنا تحكيلنا where do you want تسافرى تسافرى ? and why وليه؟
which country would نفسك like to تروحيها؟ ?
yes , this صح right .
طيب طيب can تحكيلنا tell us عن a سفرية that was internally جوا egypt and المناظر المناظر شوفيتيها شوفيتيها have watched % كت .. for مثلا you have been to a معبد in certain place or have مثلا been روحتى a مكان where there are nice natural scenes .
okay what if you got فرصة opportunity for منحة scholarship or for منحة عمل offer تسافرى تسافرى abroad .. would you accept ان ولا would you to settle here وسط أهلك parents in egypt مصر
طيب حسيتى have you felt لحظة لحظة لحظة that it إنها تحول؟ turning point ?
okay at الجامعة did you like working individually or in .. في فريق in أى مشروع؟ ? and why ?
okay تفضل is سؤال question بيقول would you rather تكون محبوب و تحترمك؟ تحترمك؟ which الناس would you choose ? and وليه؟ وليه؟
طيب do you عندك a role model مثل حياتك life ? حد you بتتخذيه as a role model في .. can be at work شغلك، ممكن can be حياتك your الاجتماعية، حياتك , فى بيتك .
okay so جاوبيه بقى .
اه
okay can تقوليلنا تقوليلنا us how do يومك بتبدأي your يومك ?
and i go to sleep .
okay do عندك have certain hobbies that you like تمارسيها أو do you have certain خطط في the الأسبوعية؟ ?
okay do طيب like reading ?
okay كان arabic ولا in إنجليزي ?
طيب بتحبي do you بتحبي listening to songs ?
طيب طيب can you تحكيلنا us the قصته of أثر movie you اتفرجتي watched و تحكيلنا وعجبك it ? و why did it affect you ?
okay okay i نسألها ask you a question بما you talked about الموضوع issue نسألها
there تفضل سؤال سؤال which is أن أنك rather be liked or تحترمك؟ ?
which one would أنهي choose and وليه؟ ?
ليه؟ ?
okay تمام
okay الكلمات الكلمات ممكن تعليميهلها taught her while she is صغيرة؟ صغيرة؟
i يعني would هتعلميها هتعلميها her to تعبر herself arabic or english ولا فرنساوي؟ and why ?
طيب , when you were at college what would you like تشتغلي work ايه؟
ايه was your dream الأحلام ?
this is good ده
but it ملهوش nothing to do بالتخصص؟ the بالتخصص؟ ?
تمام
did you do تدريب or روحتي اشتغلتي worked بدوام كامل جزئي أو full-time anywhere ?
طيب دلوقت what if قارننا compared your life now بحايتك بحايتك life as أحسن طالب which انهي أحسن ؟
تمام
في ناس قالت that because عندك you are a student you have تلات three month vacation مثلا مثلا ؟
okay can تقولي tell تقولي ايه لحظة did you feel حستيها أكتر turning نقطة قبلها قبلها حياتك حياتك was in a certain direction انه وبعدين .. ?
okay did that في شخصيتك شخصيتك ؟
تمام
و why ?
okay have you ever faced a situation ان you have تتكلمي talk about a certain topic لازم you know nothing about أوي so فحاولتي tried تحشري interfere كلام إنجليزي إنجليزي so as to pretend that نخلص understand و to end the النص بسرعة ?
طيب انت can تعرفي live غير موبايل؟ موبايل؟ and وليه؟ موبايل؟ وليه؟
okay ممكن you choose أي and persuade وتقنعينا بيها ?
anything .
that 's خلاص؟ خلاص؟
تمام here اتفضلي اتفضلي .
i أنا n't know this info .
it 's فيه .
thank you
طيب، طيب، ممكن تحكيلنا تحكيلنا us بتصحى do بتاعك؟ do every يوم؟ ? what 's الروتين daily اليومي ?
okay عندك you have certain hobbies that you بتحب practicing أو do you have معينة plans on the الأسبوعية؟ ?
okay .
هل can you tell عندك about a مقولة that you have read before and you like it عجبتك، and فرقت you ? أو mean مقولة quote كده you بتحب applying in your life حياتك؟
طيب، طيب، ممكن تحكيلنا tell us about the a فيلم that أنت like و بتحب its قصته؟ قصته؟ or the last فيلم you have عليه؟ ?
تمام، طيب، do you have قريته certain book that you have read before and فيك؟ you ?
تمام، طيب، , what would you like to تشتغل أيه you % t .. تتخرج؟ ? أيه أيه your الأحلام الأحلام ?
okay , did you أخدت تدريب في before or did أشتغلت work part-time or دوام جزئي في حتة؟ و if yes , can you tell تحكيلنا about بتاعتها؟ experience ?
طيب، do you think your المهنية الحياة أحسن much better و حياتك life ك احسن؟ طالب ? is قبل graduation differ than بعد graduation و which أحسن better and ليه؟ ليه؟
okay طيب، can you تقولي us على there any لحظة in your حياتك حياتك حياتك أنه .. ان a turning نقطة تحول؟
okay , مين is your role الأعلى في life حياتك؟ ممكن can يكون a مثل model at .. at work شغلك، it can ممكن .. or أسف في college , or it ممكن be in حياتك social life . do you see شخص for example who is .. dealing with others بطريقة certain way for example و you want تبقى be like him زيه؟
تمام، أنهي تمام، طيب تفضل was a بيقول would you لا be liked or respected أنك الناس would تحترمك تحترمك ليه؟ ,
because i feel that انه is not predictable , he can bark و يعضك يعضك at أي وقت .
okay thank you شكرا
okay can تحكىلنا tell us about your اليومي الروتين ? what do you do when you get up in الصبح morning ?
انت do عندك عندك معينه هوايات that you like تمارسيها؟ تمارسيها؟
تمام طيب do you بتحبى reading ?
okay do تفتكرى تفتكرى what كان the أخر كتاب you have read ? أو the كتاب that for مثلا فرق the most impact on معاكى؟ معاكى؟ and whether فيه كان in إنجليزي أو arabic عربى؟ أه if you can تشاركينا us with مقولة quote for مثلا عجبتك تشاركينا like .
okay .. .. do you like أفلام أفلام أو ممكن you tell تحكيلنا the قصة of the last movie you اتفرجتى watched ?
طيب do you بتحبى تسمعى to music أغانى؟ and ولو yes do بتحبيه بتحبيه بتحبيه عربى ولا إنجليزي أغانى؟ as well برضه؟
كانت have you ever tried joining clubs بالرياضة؟ college نوادي؟ was عمل for charity or sports-related خيري example ?
تمام طيب what if you did n't ماكنتيش الشغل job الجامعه الجامعه كانت would إيه بتاعتك؟ dream job بتاعتك؟ what would نفسك like تشتغلى work ايه؟
okay did you do تدريب قبل anywhere ?
okay in your opinion و do you like more working الحياة or your المهنية when you were طالبة؟ student ?
and .. and why do you شايفه in كده؟ كده؟ for مثلا مثلا من terms of المسؤوليات، or vacations .
طيب who is your مثلك .. role model in your life , at شغلك in فى university in حياتك العملية؟ life ?
okay تفضلي أن a question would you لا be محبوبة or تفضلي which one would you تحترمك ليه؟ and why ليه؟
طيب طيب , do you بتعتبري yourself an سهل شخص to deal with or i sit صعب to تتعامل to بسرعه you أو to يكسروا الحواجز في you ?
which طيب do you like the most in yourself ? and ليه؟ ليه؟ that you never مابتبقيش تغيريها تغيريها it ابدا
okay what انا the most trait لو .. أو quality لو found in the other person انه would be صعب اتعامل اتعامل مع because you do n't بحبه or اتقبله؟ such trait
طيب is there اهلك your family بينتقدوها؟ اهلك on ?
مثلا example clean up أوضتك room أوضتك stop doing بطلى t .. this thing for مثلا مثلا
تمام طيب well can you تقوليلى me something about yourself that نفسك consider بتعتبريها weird something weird ?
ممكن you tell تحكيلنا بتعملى do you do every morning أو what أيه بتاعك؟ daily routine ?
do you have certain plans للأجازات the الأسبوعية ? أو فى example do you have معينة هوايات that you like تمارسيها؟ ?
طيب can you تقوليلنا قولتيلنا do تقرى بتحبى تقرى ممكن you tell تقرى do تقرى like reading in بالعربى or بالإنجليزي؟ بالإنجليزي؟ ? أو ايه نوع الحاجات books do you بتحبى تقريها؟ تقريها؟ وايه book do you بتحبى يعنى the most i mean that you like وممكن وممكن read it تانى؟ ?
طيب do you بتحبى على movies and ممكن you tell us عن the last movie you have watched أو can you tell احكلينا about the story of a فيلم that you like .
okay انت have said that انك were n't never تتوقعى to تشتغلى as مدرس قولتى , ايه كانت your الأحلام job ?
okay تمام
okay can you تحكيلنا us if you أخدتى an internships قبل can you tell تحكيلنا about what did you بتعملى بتعملى do كنتى what what were بتاعتك المهام ?
طيب okay would you prefer working life ولا your life as a طالبة أحسن mean in ناحية of الاجازات off for مثلا , من terms of المسؤوليات؟ ? and .. and ليه do بتاعك؟ تفضلى بتاعك؟ بتاعك؟
okay وأنتى لوحدك وأنتى فى الجامعة did بتحبى you prefer تشتغلى في teams or individually on أى project مشروع؟ و .. و why ?
okay who is مثلك role model at .. for مثلا في college أو و يعني when you were studying أو in حياتك حياتك life العملية؟ عندك عندك حد a role أعلى كده؟ so كده؟
okay there is a بيقول would you rather تكون محبوبي و respected أنك الناس will أنك choose انهى؟ و why ليه؟
طيب can تحكيلنا بتعمل us أيه do you بتعمل every يوم ? أيه 's your اليومي routine ?
تمام مثلا do you بتعمل certain things to do on الأسبوعية ? or for مثلا لو you have certain حاجة الأجازات that you like تمارسها ?
okay , أيه ممكن you tell us أيه 's your favorite هي ?
تسمع do you بتحب تسمع أغانى؟ songs ?
okay can تقولنا تقولنا us arabic or english تسمعله؟ ? أو is there certain نوع that تسمعله؟ like listening تسمعله؟
طيب can you تقولنا تقولنا the قصة of a فيلم أتفرجت you أتفرجت watched و حبيته؟ أتفرجت حبيته؟ it ? أو the most أخر movie you أتفرجت watched حبيته؟ أتفرجت أتفرجت .
okay do you like reading تقرا؟ or have جربت ever بتحب any books before كده؟
طيب و can تقولنا tell تقولنا in which لغة؟ هو you like رواية أدب؟ ?
تمام طيب what if you مكنتش n't work as a ta or أنت you were مساعد student أنت was your أيه الأحلام ?
تمام خبرة ممكن you تحكيلنا us about طيب experience you gained خدتها
طيب can you tell تقولى أنت أنت like more the working life و your life as a student ? يعنى mean أنهى one is much أحسن؟ حياتك you ? نفسك نفسك like تكمل return back as a student ولا would you like تشتغل؟ تشتغل؟ on تشتغل؟ ? and ليه؟ ?
ممكن can مثلا in terms المسؤوليات، responsibilities المسؤوليات، days off أجازات
تمام أيه لحظة in your حياتك حسيت you felt was a turning نقطة تحول؟
okay did you feel that ده غير فى your character حاجة؟
تمام أنت when you were at college كنت you بتحب تشتغل في فريق or do كنت like بتحب work individually على اى project ?
هل there certain reason for معين؟ معين؟
هل there هل that you ممكن consider your role الأعلى؟ الأعلى؟ whether at شغلك أو في your practical life العملية؟
تمام
طيب there is a بيقول about would you rather be liked or respected ? و one would تحترمك؟ choose ?
بس فى example and أنت أنت for example بتدرس الطلاب class would أنت like الطلاب to يحبوك you more و it does n't matter but to حابب يحترموك؟ is much important يحترموك؟
طيب can you tell تحكيلنا أيه؟ do you بتعملى when بتعملى get up كل morning ?
أيه 's الروتين daily اليومي بتاعك؟
تمام well do you have certain hobbies that you like طيب تمارسيها ?
but to نبقى أحنا أول ones
okay لما you read do you like reading بالعربى بالعربى و بالإنجليزي؟ بالإنجليزي؟ ? و is there معينة type of كتابة كنتى you بتحبيها ?
okay طيب do you تسمعى listening أغانى songs .
تمام طيب ممكن تحكيلنا تحكيلنا تحكيلنا عن bout بتحبى movie that انتي like عليها و أتفرجتى have watched more كذه مرة , can أحكيلنا أحكيلنا أحكيلنا قصته قصته ?
تمام
و when you were at college have you مشتركة before any clubs or have كنتى participated in any student أنشطة ?
طيب ممكن you تقوليلي me لو there is a moment in your حياتك that you felt أنه a turning point ?
طيب و when you were فى college did you like تشتغلى في groups or did لوحدك كنتى تشتغلى individually على projects ليه؟ and why ?
do you consider بتحسي شخص سهل to تتكلم to , و is it hard for الناس تتكلم يتعامل معاكي، نفسك , can they حد get يتعامل know you or do they بيبقى time for ice breaking ?
ممكن you بتبدأ تحكيلنا بتبدأ do you start بتاعك؟ يومك ? what 's الروتين اليومي اليومي ?
طب do you like listening to عربي و english songs and do عندك عندك certain فرقة or singer that تحب تحب تسمع له؟ له؟
بيبقي عندك do عندك have certain plans أو certain things بتعملها؟ do on the الأجازات الأسبوعية بتعملها؟
تمام بتحب do تقرا؟ like reading ?
طيب is there any مقولة that قرأتها have read in a book and you عجبتك بتحب عجبتك or بتحب like بيها in your حياتك؟ حياتك؟
أيه book have أكتر أكتر the most و if yo كده ممكن briefly تحكيلنا تحكيلنا عن its story قصته؟
أيه فيلم have أكتر watched و أتفرجت قصته؟ story ? و لو you would like can you tell us قصته؟ story قصته؟
طيب can you tell تقولنا أيه أيه 's .. your dream job لو you were not working ك مدرس ta في the الجامعة مساعد؟
تمام طيب can you تحيلنا أخدتها عن an خبرة that you gained في an تدريب that you did قبل or دوام a جزئي or دوام كامل؟ شغل كامل؟
طيب أنت do أنت much prefer the practical life , the working life or حياتك life as كنت طالب؟ ? و why ?
طيب , أيه moment أيه you حسيت حسيت a تحول؟ point تحول؟
okay do you feel that this غير something in شخصيتك؟ شخصيتك؟ ?
okay okay while you were في college do كنت like working في فريق و do كنت بتحب working on projects individually ?
, أنت do you have a role model in your life حياتك؟ whether بتدرس بتدرس at الجامعة أو في your practical life برا؟
طيب there is a بيقول would أنك rather تكون محبوب or respected ? which one would تحترمك؟ choose و ليه؟ ليه؟
و نفسي أقتنعت convinced
شكرا you
okay طيب can تقولنا tell us what are you doing every morning الصبح؟ إيه إيه الروتين اليومي routine بتاعك؟
طيب بيبقى do you خطط certain خطط in الأجازات weekends أو معينة hobbies that you like to تمارسها؟ ?
تمام طيب , do you like أغاني؟ تسمع songs أغاني؟
okay , do you like listening to بالعربي و english بالإنجليزي؟ and can you تقولنا us لو عندك عندك a favorite أغنية او singer or مغني certain فرقة بتحب would like بتحب hear ?
تمام طيب , do you like to تقرأ؟ تقرأ؟
okay ليه have you جربت .. لو جربت جربت تقرا you would read بالعربي arabic و english بالإنجليزي؟ and why did أنك اختارت this language ?
okay , can you tell تحكيلنا عن a فيلم you watched and you liked عليه فيلم عجبتك، the most فيلم؟ you like أو أخر last one فيلم؟
okay , when you تكبر up و get married و have kids ولاد you would like to تتدخلهم تتدخلهم to قومية قومية or دولية؟ مدرسة ? و what اللغة يدرسوا يبقوا study بيها؟ و why ?
okay , if you .. .. انت have قولت that since you were young إن you want to be an actor or a director , so الفرصة opportunity .. besides acting , do you have another أحلام job ?
okay , have you tried to تعمل an internship or work full-time or دوام جزئي؟ ?
طيب , في رأيك رأيك working الحياة is أحسن or your life now as أنت طالب، ? in terms of for example vacations or responsibilities المسؤليات؟
طيب , have حياتك felt in a لحظة في your حياتك that إنه حسيت a تحول؟ point تحول؟ قبلها قبلها you were thinking في a certain اتجاه or seeing your حياتك going بطريقة a اتجاه and then it became in اتجاه direction or غيرت في your personality ?
okay , now while you are in college , would you like تشتغل work on المشاريع in فريق ولا لوحدك؟ لوحدك؟ و ليه؟ ليه؟
تمام , is there anyone أنت consider him your أعلى whether في دراستك، دراستك، life أو your college دراستك، your own حياتك أو in حياتك اتجاهك للتمثيل، acting للتمثيل، في حد بتاخده who is your role model in حاجة certain thing معينة؟
تمام , here في a question which بيقول أنك you rather تكون محبوب و محبوب ? which الناس will تحترمك choose انهي؟ وليه؟ why ?
طيب ممكن , can you tell us أيه are you doing every يوم الصبح؟ أيه أيه your اليومي اليومي ?
as براحتك براحتك
okay , do you have certain خطط في the الأجازات الأسبوعية، or معينة hobbies أنتى you like بتحبي practice ?
okay , do you like تقري ?
okay , do بتحبي like لو read بالعربي arabic or in english ? و ممكن you تقوليلنا us قريتيه book which you كان .. قريتيها book that you مثلا أثرت او a معينة مقولة that you read في قريتيها and affected you and took it as an approach حياتك؟
you وترتني me
okay , can you تحكيلنا us قصة قصة of one of the two books ?
okay , do you بتسمعي بتسمعي songs أغانى؟
طب , do you like listening to english و عربي؟ songs عربي؟
طيب أيه , for example which song بتحبيها like أكتر most , أو مغني مغني تسمعيله love أكتر أكتر ?
okay , we all بنحب amr diab
طيب، , can you تحكيلنا us تحكيلنا قصة of a movie أنتي you like and بتحبيه you أو the أخر فيلم you watched ?
تمام , when you تكبري تكبري and have kids ولاد، you هتحبي هتحبي to تدخليهم them to قومية قومية ولا international school ? and what بلغة they will هتدخليهم أيه؟ and why ?
تمام , أنتي تكبرى، grow تكبرى، , what is بتاعتك، dream job ? نفسك نفسك want تشتغلي تشتغلي فين؟
تشتغلي do you تشتغلي تشتغلي do ?
تمام هو , for مثلا سيمنز is a company that contains كل المجالات، المجالات، it فيها engineers , موارد بشرية كل , فيها مش .. .. what you want تشتغلي تشتغلي في سيمنز أيه مثلا؟ ? to do .. تبرمجي، code .. .. do
جميلة are اصلا
طيب , in الجامعة بتحبي would you like تشتغلي work in مجموعات و do تشتغلي بتحبي to work على project مجموعات ليه؟ و ليه؟ ?
بس بس do not مابتحسيش feel مثلا if أشتغلتي أشتغلتي in a فريق , you may .. اللي mate in المهمة group does not تنقصوا، بتاعته task , فأنتوا you تأخدوا get low grade ?
i يعني في people said أنه working on my own أحسن much أحسن as وقتي ببقى manage my time as أنا want عارفاها، أنما لو i rely علي someone , we may not be able ماتبقاش أعتمدت on the same dates or someone مايشتغلش؟ procrastinate مايشتغلش؟
تمام طيب , here في سؤال question which asks would you rather be محبوب or respected ? which الناس will you choose ليه؟ و ليه؟ ?
محبوب
ليه؟ ?
okay , who is your role model for example في حياتك الدراسة، , in your practical life أو in the .. في volley which you بتلعبيه، بتلعبيه، he may be a celebrity , one من your العيلة، or ممكن حد is teaching بيدرسلك in the college ?
okay .. ..
thank شكرا
طيب، طيب، can you تحكيلنا us about hobbies that تمارسها؟ like بتحب practice ?
تمام أغانى؟ , do you like listening تسمع أغانى؟ أغانى؟ and لو أه , would أه بتحب بتحب hear in بالعربي و in english ?
okay , is there مغني معين مغني يتحب listening to his تسمعله ? or a معينة song تسمعها like to بتحب to ?
طيب طيب , can you تحكيلنا us about قصته فيلم that you watched and you أتفرجت its plot and عجبك you ?
okay , can تحكيلنا تحكيلنا us when .. i mean when you أنت صغير , what كان your dream وظيفة بتاعتك؟ and now , بعد بتاعتك؟ دخلت your الجامعة , what would نفسك like تشتغل work أيه؟
okay , ممكن you tell us about an internship you have took before أو a place where أشتغلت أشتغلت دوام كامل أو part-time in فيه ?
okay , would you rather the practical life , لما تتخرج will graduate و have a العملية، تشتغل، i mean the المهنية life و your الحياة in الجامعة؟ as أنت are still a student ?
طيب , أنت you سافرت سافرت abroad ?
طيب , can تقولنا تقولنا us where did سافرت سافرت , ممكن يعني أيه countries did you visit before أو لو أيه is a place you مثلا and want مثلا تروحه تانى؟ again ?
is there a معينة بلد نفسك want تسافرلها تسافرلها ?
okay , why ?
طيب , لو أنت جتلك منحة دراسية opportunity أو a job abroad , will جتلك accept or ليه؟ ليه؟ and why ليه؟
well , can تقولنا تقولنا تقولنا about a place you visited in طيب زورته جوا you جوا زورته ? tell تحكيلنا about التجربة التجربة in هناك؟ ?
زورت you visit any place هناك، ? alexandria مكتبة هناك، example الأسكندرية؟
تمام طيب ممكن تحكيلنا tell تحكيلنا about لحظة moment في your life that حياتك felt حياتك it أنها a turning نقطة ?
طيب , did this change غير in your personality ?
تمام طيب , في الجامعة , do لوحدك، like working في teams و individually in .. علي أي مشروع ? and ليه؟ ?
تمام .. , is there عندك عندك consider بتاخده your ideal , a role model in حاجة معينة، thing , let us say in your شغلك، , your جامعتك، جامعتك، في life , your church or في بيتك؟ ?
تمام طيب , here في a question which بيقول أنك you rather be محبوب or محبوب ? which الناس will you choose ليه؟ و ليه؟ ?
okay , can you تحكيلنا تحكيلنا about الروتين daily routine ? what do you do كل يوم؟ when بتاعك، wake up ?
تمام , do you بتعمل to بتعمل a معينة thing in the weekends ? بيبقى عندك have معينة plans ?
تمام طيب , you said that you used to بتقرا ممكن can you تحكيلنا تحكيلنا about the الكتاب that you are reading ? أو بتحب general , in أيه، بلغة would you بتحب to بتقراه أيه، عربي مثلا؟ example ? english ? أي language ? و .. و أيه type would you بتحب تقراه، تقراه، , let نقول نقول أدب or .. or a novel for example or أيه؟ أيه؟
تمام , would أنت like تشجع تشجع a معينة sport أو تلعب رياضة certain one ?
تمام طيب , do you بتحب تسمع to songs ? و لو أه , would you بتحب بتحب تسمع بالعربي or بالإنجليزي english songs ? can تقولنا تقولنا عندك about your مثلا song عليها؟
okay طيب can you tell us عن a فيلم أتفرجت عليه و its story influenced you فيك or أخر أخر فيلم you أتفرجت عليه example ?
طيب , what do you want to do when you finished your جامعة أيه؟ what is بتاعتك؟ dream الأحلام ?
okay , can تحكيلنا tell تحكيلنا about an internship you have took أخدتها or بدوام بدوام كامل or بدوام part-time job ? and what أيه the الخبرة that you أخدتها من الشغل job ?
طيب شايف in رأيك opinion أحسن، أنت is أحسن، ? working life or أحلى؟ الحياة as a student أحلى؟
okay , أنت أنت ever سافرت abroad كده؟
well .. نفسك there a معينة بلد نفسك want to تسافرها؟ to تسافرها؟
okay , is هناك حابب specific place you want تزوره تزوره there البلد؟ that 's why you حابب to go تروح this البلد؟ ?
تمام , can you tell تقولنا عن a سفرية سافرتها did مصر egypt ? و تحكيلنا تحكيلنا about الخبرة كانت there ?
تمام طيب can you tell تحكيلنا عن a period in your life in حياتك حياتك حسيت that it أنها a تحول point ?
when حولت حولت
okay او did you feel أنه this غير anything in your شخصيتك ? يعني us what has changed ?
تمام طيب , في college , do لوحدك like تشتغل في فريق or individually على any مشروع ? and why ليه؟
but , some people بتقول أنه if they أشتغلوا in .. في فريق مثلا example , أنت ca n't rely على الناس , so فأنا would rather take the مسئولية of the whole المشروع , so why you choose to work with a team فريق؟
تمام
تمام , is there طيب you consider him مثل حد في your life ? whether في the الجامعة أو in your العملية؟ life ?
ليه؟ ليه؟
الإصرار
طيب , here is a question which asks would أنك rather be محبوب or respected ? أن one will تحترمك تحترمك ليه؟ and why ليه؟
ليه؟ ?
طيب , do you consider yourself نفسك person سهل people تتكلم talk معاه him easily و its hard to تتعارفوا the ما with بينكوا، ? و why ?
تمام بتلاقي , أنك you have difficulty to تتعامل مع people من مختلفة social levels ?
this بمعنى that منك can not تتعامل with people for بتعرف مثلا are higher أو أقل than you في المستوي الأجتماعي level الأجتماعى؟
okay , what is the personal trait that you like بتحبها most in نفسك و you do not want أنها to تتغير at أبدا؟ أبدا؟
تمام هل , هل there في معينة صفة or a معين if you found in a person , no way you أتعامل deal with him ? i mean صفة trait that you تبقى not like to be في the person who قدامك؟ are dealing with ?
okay , can you تحكيلنا us عن the أكتر common موقف ممكن ممكن be nervous about ?
how do you تتصرف at the .. at this الوقت ده؟
okay , have you tried قبل talking with someone بالإنجليزي english و acting like تتكلم can understand him just to keep نفسك track و originally أنت do n't understand الموضوع topic ?
okay , can تقدر تعيش من غير موبايل , and why ?
طيب ممكن can you تختار something و convince تقنعنا of it ? تختار أخر last سؤال
we too يا god
طيب، طيب، can تحكيانا تحكيانا us about how يومك يومك begins ? what is الروتين اليومي routine ?
okay , can you تحكيلنا تحكيلنا عن the series that you are عليه , its story , or لو you ممكن to تحكيلنا us عن قصة story of a movie أتفرجت you watched and affected فيك، ?
well , أنت you like اغاني؟ تسمع songs اغاني؟
طيب , do you like listening to arabic و إنجليزي songs ? and can you tell us لو you have a معينة song or مغني مغني you like بتحبه؟ بتحبه؟ بتحبه؟
okay , طيب، تقرا do you like reading ?
okay can you tell تحكيلنا أيه do you do in الكروسفيت؟ crossfit ?
can تقولنا tell us أنت 's your الأحلام job , نفسك would you like تشتغل تشتغل when تكبر grow تكبر ?
okay , did you take any خطوات to يعني الحلم خطوات او ان would reach it out ?
okay , أنت قلتلنا أنت كنت بتشتغل part .. انت دلوقت جزئي بتشتغل جزئي now ?
في رأيك opinion life أنت أحسن better كحياة a working life ولا as a طالب life ?
okay ممكن you تحكيلنا تحكيلنا عن لحظة لحظة when حياتك feel أنه it was a تحول؟ تحول؟ ?
طيب did حسيت feel أنه it غير your personality when you took this decision ?
تمام، تفضل في سؤال question would you rather تكون liked or respected تحترمك، which one do تحترمك، choose و ليه؟ ليه؟
تمام طيب when you أنت at الجامعة did you like to تشتغل in فريق or ليه، on any project , and why ?
okay , do you have حد مثلك model في .. whether في study دراستك، or in حياتك، حياتك، in general , مثلا example for التمثيل التمثيل that you want to توصلله، , do you have any role model ?
طب، , ممكن you تحكيلنا تحكيلنا what do you do when بتاعك؟ الصبح up كل يوم ? what 's your daily اليومي بتاعك؟
okay طيب، بيبقى you have certain plans on the weekends الأسبوعية؟ for example معينة الأجازات that you like تطبقها بتحب ?
okay تمام، طيب، طيب، أنت do you like تقرا تقرا
طيب، , can you تقولنا تقولنا do you like بتحب بالعربي بالعربي or in بالإنجليزي و لو there في a book that has an impact on you for example لو مثلا is مقولة مقولة you get from تطبقها أنت أنت بتحب applying في your life ?
تمام طيب، طيب، do أنت بتحب listening to أغانى ?
طيب، , do you بتحب listening تسمع بالعربي or بالإنجليزي songs and who is أكتر حد do you like تسمعله؟ to تسمعله؟ most تسمعله؟
there حاجة nothing in specific معينة
ممكن you تحكيلنا تحكيلنا عن the الفيلم، story , أكتر movie that أتفرجت the greatest impact فيك فيك and لو مافيش مافيش no specific فيلم ممكن you tell تحكيلنا قصة أخر story of the last فيلم you have عليه؟ ?
ممكن تحكيلنا tell تحكيلنا القصة بتاعته؟ القصة ?
okay after تمام college what would you like to تشتغل ? what 's your الأحلام الأحلام .
ايه .
تمام طيب can you تحكيلنا تحكيلنا عن بدوام جزئي job أو بدوام job that أنت worked i mean or if أخدت did an internship can you tell us about the experience you gained أزاي؟
تمام , do you think that العملية الحياة is أحسن than رأيك حياتك as a student طالب؟
why ليه
can you tell us أيه فترة في your life that حياتك felt أنها a turning نقطة تحول؟
okay and أيه؟ did that غير في شخصيتك شخصيتك أيه؟
okay when you were at الجامعة كنت كنت تحب تشتغل in teams ولا individually on any مشروع ?
can تقولنا تقولنا تقولنا why did you choose تشتتغل work in فريق .
do بتاعك ليك a role model الأعلى؟ المثل role model in a specific مجال معين؟
في study دراستك، في life حياتك، in the .. the .. for مثلا في رياضة sport بتلعبها؟ you بتلعبها؟ ?
okay طب في there is a بيقول would you rather be liked و تفضل , أن one would you choose and ليه ?
can you tell us بتعمل do بتاعك؟ do كل يوم الصبح، what 's your daily routine ?
okay طيب انت do you عندك certain هوايات that انت بتحب practicing تمارسها؟
طيب انت do تقرا؟ بتحب تقرا؟ تقرا؟
okay okay do you like listening بتسمع songs ?
طيب can you tell تحكيلنا عن the movie بتحبه بتحبه the most and tell تحكيلنا its قصته أو the last فيلم اتفرجت have watched ?
تمام انت طيب ايه لما would تخلص like to work تخلص finishing your جامعة ؟ايه what 's your الأحلام job بتاعتك
okay did you take internship قبل anywhere أو to work full-time or جزئي؟ ?
طيب from نظرك own وجهة وجهة نظرك is working life better than your الحياة as a student طالب، and why ?
حسيت ممكن تحكينا تحكينا us عن a moment في you felt was تحول؟ turning point تحول؟
okay did ده feel that it changed something في your شخصيتك؟ ?
okay أنت أنت when لوحدك were في college did كنت بتحب working في teams or لوحدك on any project ? and ليه ?
okay حياتك، do you have a مثل model , a role الأعلى in your حياتك، سواء في الجامعة، الجامعة، في حياتك الاجتماعية، life , at home ?
okay do you بتعتبر .. sorry .. في is سؤال question would أنك rather be محبوب و respected تحترمك، أن الناس would تحترمك، choose و ليه؟ ليه؟
انتي do عندك have معينة هوايات بتحبي you like تمارسيها؟ ?
okay do you بتحبي reading تقري؟
بتقري بتقري بتقري بالعربي arabic ولا in بالإنجليزي؟ بالإنجليزي؟ is there a specific كتاب مثلا has a great impact on تحبي that you would تحبي to tell تحكيلنا what كان بيتكلم about فيكي؟
طيب % بت تتفرجي like على movies of course .
okay can you تقوليلنا us اكتر was اكتر movie you have watched and had a great أثر فيكي، فيكي، فيكي، can you briefly تحكيلنا us the story أو tell us لو the last فيلم أتفرجتي عليه if there is no specific movie يعني؟ يعني؟
طيب can you tell تقوليلنا what type الأغاني الأغاني do you listen to and لو بتسمعيها هي بالعربي بالعربي or in english or in other language or for example لو there is certain song that تحبيها like أو certain singer that you like بتسمعيله؟ to بتسمعيله؟
تمام طيب is there certain quote that أنتي like طيب تطبقيه in حياتك life أو you are following بيه؟
طيب after graduation what would تتخرجي like to work ? what إيه بتاعتك؟ الأحلام job بتاعتك؟
but computer حاسبات is واضحة برضه، well برضه، i يعني برضه، فيها for example برمجيات، development , الألعاب، تطوير , web تطوير المواقع، there is no specific thing معينة؟
okay ممكن you tell تحكيلنا about خبرة experience أخدتيها gained في doing تدريب أو for example في دوام جزئي أو full-time شغل ?
طيب أنتي في your رأيك المهنية life is much أحسن or your حياتك as a student at college ?
some كانت said for example that في الطلاب life أحسن much أحسن because of the vacations أقل، the شهور month vacation is granted , or because of ضامنين ضامنين . أنا 'm free not to study at faculty but at work i أنا committted بمعاد a deadline و i ممكن to work so as not to get ماترفدش، , so أيه؟ do you think أيه؟
حسيتي can you تحكيلنا تحكيلنا عن a لحظة in which حياتك feel that it إنها a turning point تحول؟
طيب حسيتي did you feel أن ده changed your شخصيتك ?
okay when you were at الجامعة بتحبي you بتحبي تشتغلي in مجموعات ولا do بتحبي like تشتغلي individually على any project مشروع، and why ليه؟
انتي do عندك have a حد mode , someone who is a أعلى model in certain thing whether in your social life or at work .. أسف .. at جامعتك؟ جامعتك؟
okay تفضل is a بيقول would أنك rather be محبوب or respected تحترمك، أن one would تحترمك، choose و why ?
okay can you tell us when you get up كل morning ايه ايه your اليومي routine بتاعك، بتعمل do you do ايه؟
ممكن you تقولينا تقولينا what نوع of الموسيقى do you like listening to if بتحب like listening تسمع arabic ولا english or there is a معينة band او someone that you listen to بتسمعله؟
مش problem مشكلة، no problem
طيب would تقرا؟ like تقرا؟ تقرا؟ have تقرا ever tried تقرا before كده؟
تمام
okay can you tell us عن a فيلم أنت you أتفرجت watched and that أتفرجت a أثر impact on you فيك؟
تمام انت okay what would تكبر؟ like to تشتغل لما نفسك grow تكبر؟ تكبر؟ أيه أيه your dream الأحلام after تخلص college جامعة؟
تمام okay can تقولنا tell تقولنا عن the خبرة you gained from the تدريب أو from your part-time أو اشتغلت دوام work that أخدتها did حتة؟
طيب أنهي خلال this experience which is أحسن the working المهنية or your life as a الجامعة؟ student الجامعة؟
okay ممكن تحكيلنا تحكيلنا us عن a moment في which حياتك felt that it 's a turning نقطة تحول؟
طب did you feel that غير في شخصيتك character ?
طيب when لوحدك were في college كنت you بتحب تشتغل in teams ولا بتشتغل individually على any مشروع، , and why ?
okay do أنت have a role في whether في work , في الجامعة، الجامعة، or whether in حياتك حياتك in general ?
مثل a role أعلى كده؟
تمام طيب تفضل في a question about would you rather تكون liked و تفضل أنك one أن you choose و ليه؟ ليه؟
okay can you tell تحكيلنا how do you start بتبدأي يومك what 's your daily اليومي ?
okay do you have معينة plans في weekends ?
طيب انت do بتحبي بتحبي reading تقري؟
okay can تحكيلنا تحكيلنا تحكيلنا عن a movie اتفرجتي you have watched and اتفرجتي its story , تحكيلنا you تحكيلنا تحكيلنا قصة الفيلم ?
do you like listening to songs ?
do you like listening تسمعي arabic or إنجليزي و can تقوليلنا tell تقوليلنا about the name of the المغني you بتحبيه؟ بتحبيه؟
okay can بتاعتك تقوليلنا us about خلال experience do you تفضلي more working المهنية or عجبتك life as طالبة، طالبة، which one do you prefer ليه؟
تمام انتي have you سافرتي برا before ?
okay ممكن you تقوليلنا تقوليلنا where did you travel و .. و ايه country that you like did you visit the most and فيها there أكتر مكان that you تروحيه to visit again تاني؟
طيب حسيتي can you تقوليلنا us أي فترة in your حياتك did you feel is a تحول؟ نقطة تحول؟
okay did you feel that it changed something في شخصيتك character أيه؟
okay okay و لوحدك were في الجامعة did كنتي like تشتغلي in فريق or كنتي كنتي بتحبي تشتغلي work تشتغلي على أي project و ليه؟ ?
طيب can تقوليلنا تقوليلنا تقوليلنا مين is your role model , someone you consider a مثل model in in your life whether at شغلك، شغلك، في home بيتك، in حياتك الاجتماعية؟ life .
okay there في a question about أنك you rather تكون محبوب و تفضل ? which one would you choose and ليه؟ ليه؟
okay do you consider yourself an easy شخص to تتكلم with ولا do others neeed more time تتكلم يكسروا the ice with you ?
okay which صفة if لاقيتيه في others قدامك would n't تبقى able بتحبيها deal with these characters إن you do هتعرفي بتحبيها in قدامك؟ قدامك؟
national school عادية
و where اتولدت you اتولدت ?
in اسكندرية .
computer science
smart board
إن to make السبورة السبورة or how to using laser الليزر و كأنها will be تعمل as a مؤشر that 's it بس
اي؟ do you يعنى بعمل بعمل do you do in يومي يومي اي؟
no لأ get up in the الصبح i بروح up و go على college , باخد باخد الباص، الباص، , that 's it .
everyday i يوم، up at ستة thirty a.m .
بروح بروح to gym
cooking
باستا مكرونة باستا
اه
كان was بالإنجليزي بالإنجليزي
وجدت was called manuscript وجدت في عكرا
it 's for باولو كويلو
it had a جدا معايا on me
and it was about jerusalem قبل الصليبيين invaded عليها .
and it وكان describing the ال مشاعرهم مشاعرهم fear بقى قلق
all الحاجات things قبل knowing that other people بتبقى invade their البلد .
and this is their مشاعرهم .
and everyone كان يتكلم و there was a philosopher بيقعد was يتكلم بيرد عليها back .
في ده؟ الكتاب ?
if i correctly remember there was something called be فخورًا of بجراحك حاجة بجراحك that 's بس صح،
nobody
gym
i was in نموذج و i 'm older than you before it was called سايف هو it 's اسمه إينكتيس .
these هما the two main activities أنا بس كنت كنت in نموذج نموذج الأمم دول واللي what we call now دلوقتي إينكتيس إينكتيس
i was i was سكرتيرة secretary in the security مجلس and basically a نموذج of united الأمم .
they were فعاليات تحاكي بتعمل تحاكي تحاكي فعاليات of united المتحدة among منها الأمن council .
that was اللى position i هو in منصب of secretary سكرتيرة .
.
no
no
i عارفة n't know
هو أشتغل like to work as a researcher rather than a teacher يعني .
did you do تدريبات before at college ..
i كنت في mun
في ibm
and .. و it was nice
and there كان another training in سيمنز .
برضه كانت nice as well but still i find أنا more في نفسي فيه .
اه , أقول can say something like كده
no و حياتي life when i was a student في الجامعة
because i mean it كان متوازن .
it was درجة of الحرية versus level من المسؤولية but not like now دلوقت
currently level المسؤولية responsibility is much higher جدا
فمافيش ما فمافيش no المرونة نفس المرونة في time as before .
ارجع want to ارجع back as a طالب عادي
yes .
i سافرت سافرت فينلاندا finland , turkey و german المانيا
i have to say the last سفرية سفرية was german because لي had worked جدا there and يعني it was مثمرة fruitful .
اه لازم i have أقول say اه .
اه لسا we are still in بنتكلم .
إقامة إقامة related to الدكتوراه
my phd هي related usable المعلومات تبع
طيب أساسا usable المعلومات means يبقى have system تقدر is نفس usable من terms of being مريح للمستخدم للمستخدم the user the user should يعرف how to يستعمله يستعمله and yet يبقى be secured so as not to be عرضة للهجمات المختلفة sorts of attacks .
ففي basically we 're بنحلل الهجمات different بأشكالها بأشكالها attacks and نأمن 're بنحاول now بنحاول نكتشف out طرق طرق to نأمن the the الموبايل أنظمة .
اه اه paris .
ماعرفش have no idea و i feel that ناس people راحوا there they كان an experience so أروح فممكن go هناك .
no , i أهاجر أهاجر .
if لو was n't german then it would be emirates إمارات
in هشتغل i هم contacts in these countries if عندي traveled actually انا 'm يعني لو i will هسافر , work and know exactly what أنا want to do بالظبط
but in emirates عندي have besides having already many friends actually , it هو a أصلا market .
i went روحت دهب .
دي is سادس fifth أو sixth time that i have been فيها دهب .
فلأ no هى 's جميلة
i بحب the البلد very much أوي
we have n't any activities يعني in the last سفرية but definitely we went to blue balls three الثري بولز
كل in dahab يعني
لأ
i يعني my life sequence is not moving in this way .
أكيد مش الحياة is مش moving بسلاسة
بس اعتقد اعتقد اكيد بس الواحد can face problems في شغله .
but i mean for مثلا أنا حصلتلي مشكلة problem at my master 's ايام .
but that did n't hinder me from doing أعملها ماخلانيش
afterwards كده discovered أن it was something very قوية جدا
بس the problem that حصلتلي to me at that time was مشكلة big جامدة and thanks لله i overcame تخطيتها actually يعني
no لوحدي
أنا أنا in متحكم of every جانب منه the work فعشان that ’ s كده i think that it من الأفضل اني work على نفسي نفسي لوحدي لوحدي لوحدي .
no , but is there حاجة role بس in معينة أعلى ?
i mean كل i see مثل a role model في certain field
ممكن you ممكن examples if there حاجة thing that you want تقوليها say .
يعنى mean مثلا فال so so في حياتى حياتى for example on the الشخصي الشخصي i believe إن my mother بشوف a great person عظيمة
at الشغل i see that professor سليم مثلا مثلا he 's مدرس عظيم good teacher actually
يعنى يعنى i بتعلم something من everybody .
respected
i consider myself an easy شخص to deal with but you have to ask other الناس about it actually يعني
لا خالص at خالص
i مشكلة no مشكلة خالص خالص in الحكاية issue .
لا , i بتعامل normally .
مش do n't feel ان there مشكلة أي problem actually
sycophants
yes there is a term that i wo هى mention , those عايزين who want to impress their boss or or so so بتاعهم kept flattering يطبلوله بقى
it هو that you 're you 're هايل
انت 're great
أنت 're فظيع
بيكتر work الشغل بيكتر
اتعلمت اتعلمت to classify ومهمة into urgent and important
عارفين you know urgent and والمهم تقسيمة ?
اللي هو لو if حاجة task is urgent ومهم ومهم it 's the اول thing to be done دي
urgent but not important مش 's حاجة second thing that should be done and so وهكذا .
to عشان that i do n't فاهمه
yes , it حصلت .
no لأ يعني , i mean what was the reaction ?
no , أعتقد أعتقد it passed انها 's it بس
no
no
علشان everything حاجة there .
كل i need أنا فيه .
i need محتاجها for أتواصل مع others أتواصل يعني
that 's كده؟ كده؟
okay
تمام انا i used to live في عايش الفيوم لغاية the أولى ثانوى اتنقلت كده اتنقلت to ثانوى because i was practicing في el bank al ahly club و .. .. كسباحة swimming يعنى يعنى
خلصت i خلصت done هناك و i get to know my صحابي and other صحابي and groups و so on و i عرفت to know أن there في a جامعة called guc .
whatever أيا total grade كان يعنى يعنى i enrolled جابنى جابنى
أيا أيا total مجموعى was يعنى mean i enrolled هنا in the الجامعة .
أدخل the عاوز i wanted كنت الأول ميكاترونكس
and في i دخلت met
دلوقت يعنى 'm more interested في الموقع development
و i try يعنى بحاول الأهتمامات new الأهتمامات .
okay أنا أنا اختارت التخصص major i mean أنا اختارت thinking at first about ميكاترونكس .
i لاقيت that في met as well صراحة many of my friends enrolled هناك and i اعرف كتير who graduated .
they عملوا مشروع bachelor and عملوا the التخرج abroad or in egypt فعجبنتي i liked the الفكرة يعنى .
and i حسيت ان هم حسيت in so .. i اقدر ادخل كذا than أم in met تي
not .. it ملوش n't have اسم جامد
met يعنى different i يعنى
مشروع بتاعى is a verification لصور the online لصور .
it 's أن أن i received أونلاين use و i have to make بتأكد of the source whether بتاعها بتاعها right or not .
بشوف بشوف the الصور اللى اصلا 're correct or not , photoshopped ولا faked , ( ( معمول ) فيها by any means البرامج new البرامج or أى برنامج applied في الصورة الصورة i can detect it أكشفة
باستخدم باستخدم several programming برمجة not only one which موجودة الوحيدة only benefit in مشروع bachelor بتاعى
i do n't have a fixed ماليش هو
i ماعنديش n't حاجة something in particular بعملها بعملها كل يوم .
i can get أصحى at seven in general أنا do n't sleep much so i فممكن get اصحى .. ديما i get up بصحى خمسة بسبب of college and to catch الأتوبيس الأتوبيس و so on يعني so i فمتعود used to do that .
كروتين can أقوله you the routine that i متعود getting متعود to أقوله
i was getting up بصحى، go to the بصحى، , return back to have أفطر .
if i عندى classes at college بنزل would أتمرن في الجامعة .
and أكمل i أكمل the day at الجامعة و بقي بقعد till ستة او seven something تقريبا that كده
برجع i returned back by bus و since أنا ساكن بعيد away أنا أنا live في بالأتوبيس شبرا فالموضوع it takes time so i returned في home at eight o'clock for example .
i just أكل and watch anything على حاجة internet on facebook , , youtube anything and then أتفرج go to sleep .
فى the الأسبوعية most of my weekend i يكون in club or .. in نادي أو بتاعي بقى or meeting my friends or something like that but i do n't كده بس لله .
besides i 'm متعود متعود to swim طول time but ان i do n't هعتبرها this a hobby it 's more يعنى رياضة ما
i read a بقرأ كتير
and i like learning لغات لغات as well .
في ممكن more than one كتاب but أقول can mention القريب القريب recent القريب شويه
a كتاب called ذا فيلنش
لجيمس james something i do n't مش فاكر جيمس ايه ايه
it 's about الإحجام الإحجام أن you 're worried مثلا you 're about any trial to worry for example about jumping from the plane or doing anything ان is called الإحجام it means that انت 're hesitated .
فازاى how do تتغلب overcome عليه و how do you go تدوس في anything or try حاجة، and not to keep waiting ماتستناش، تجرب like that .
i liked it لإن it هو that you should n't wait something in specific to تبدأ تشتغل، تشتغل، that 's it .
تمام أنا since i enrolled دخلت الجامعة i joined two clubs .
نادي enactus
في the النادي عامة we أنا شغالين on projects , not logistics , أو hr or something of that sort certain مشاريع we 're حاجات charge of a مشروع .
i was شغال على a project called كروت cards .
we كنا to بنتعامل مع شركة big شركة related تبع decorations and كده كده
they used بتبعتلنا send بتبعتلنا تصميمات and احنا بنعمل الأثاث by using cards .
العربيات العربيات
and عرفنا know أن to نبيعها نبيعها and we used متعلمة أو physically disabled or جسدية to do الكروت الكروت or to make furniture و to sell يبيعوها بحيث as to be a profit for them .
i كان في another نادي as well but it was race cars السباق
ده was in مسئول of organizing events
و there are فعاليات that are بتتعمل بتتعمل هنا in التجمع التجمع .
كنا مسئولين responsible of مسئولين بعملها الأنشطة الأنشطة i اللى كنا an usher in most of المرشدين الجامعة activities .
this is most of the activities i بعملها في college actually .
هو tried both working لوحدي طبعا مميزاته has benefits and team جماعي has مميزاته but بس k .. i mean on the long run of course it has to be جماعي عمل جماعي
working individually you can reach to لحظة point and then give تكمل everything و تفصل do n't want فتفصل go on on حاجة عاوز تكمل quit .
no team works لأ encourage each بعض
بيتعلموا learn more من the أخطائهم الموضوع أخطائهم feel أن أنت بتتعلم
لوحدك لوحدك انت is no one to revise after عليك so you feel أن you 're فحاسس نائم actually .
most أغلب the time إنجليزي but بس can يكون arabic اه like فيه i يعنى arabic ممكن is little lebanon dialect or little far بعيد than the لبنانى culture actually يعنى
أو the القديمة movies العربي اتعودنا اتعودنا used to watch long time ago but دلوقتي دلوقتي مش not following الصراحة
i يعنى؟ english or arabic يعنى؟
anything حاجة؟
أكتر most مغني
it can be أيمنم
sometimes و was much بسمعله to her because اوى like يعنى احمس myself during التمرين التمرين و i فتعودت get used to that long time زمان .
تانى who else do i listen ل my oh ربي؟ ? i listen to fayrouz so much أوى
ع المدرسة لأ ماظنش do n't think that انا will هدخلهم هدخلهم in قومية national مدرسة لإن انا كنت in a national school و there is no benefits .
و then i شفت دولية from دولية schools و i شفت عجبتنى تفكيرهم way تفكيرهم تفكيرهم .
ممكن can be مدرسة german مدرسة ألماني
أيه me ماعلش؟ is السؤال السؤال once ماعلش؟ ماعلش؟
what are you going هتعلمهم هتعلمهم هتعلمهم ما they start يتكلموا؟ يتكلموا؟ هتعلمهم كلمات would you teach them ? and in which بلغة ?
هبعد will هبعد go far away from اللغات موضوع of teaching تعلمهم words in a معينة language besides the language you are using أن it 's the language they will first هتستخدمها يعني i هيقولوه بعد on they can understand second اللغات .
so فأغلب of الحاجات are in arabic i do مأظنش مأظنش so i يعني فأغلب هتبعد get هتبعد away عن this topic هنأمرك will هنأمرك هنأمرك you يعنى .
and that 's it once they started to understand the اللغات they ممكن understand more the معنى of الكلمة الكلمة and نعلمها can teach them the words in another language تانية، the language اللى is not بتتقال يستخدموها at home or the اللغة that he can يستخدموها في school أو somewhere else .
what نفسي really want to do , i do n't أبقي to أبقي موظف موظف or i mean by income or to أوبشتغل في certain company and أوبشتغل take income الشهر month sorry دخل monthly and أزاى mean حتى i 'm searching for أبقى رائد entrepreneur .
يعني دورات a دورات in الأعمال شركة so as to know how to make مبتدئة how to make it abroad or in country because i 'm not sure about my status of course طبعا
but this is the point لكن my الأحلام job it 's no هى 's هى الأحلام شركة for مثلا my الأحلام organization more than dream الأحلام .
مجال field ? at first i was thinking of web development لإن i took an خبرة from المواقع كتدريب دورات and i خدنا courses and so on .
but lately i mean i did n't find this الموضوع ..
مش was not الاهتمام الاهتمام interest
فحاليا فحاليا , انا بدور و ask as well التخصص major i دخلته in .. i دخلته in بسبب of several factors أقدر has several ways اتعلم learn several طرق not only web تطوير المواقع
the reason لمشروع my bachelor i enrolled دخلت حاجة حاجة that 's totally different image processing خالص see ال .. as well برضه work مجال how would بتاعها be like ازاى
but دلوقت there is a مرحلة that i 'm ببحث actually يعني
i worked as a part-time for a فترة في the الشركة i did فيها internship i did internship for شهور months شهور
و الشغل manager شويه عجب my work والمشرف المدير supervisor so he proposed part-time job فقلت i thought of trying عليا .
الشغل الشغل is the same as the التدريب كان was the same ساعات ساعات five days per week .
i used كنت باجى there الساعة eight a.m .
فشوية was a شركة located في الدقي so it was slightly قريبة من my house .
i ببدأ to be like a متابعة بنظبط adjust اعمل schedule and so on actually .
و متواصل شغل i mean for يعنى i used to work for example كل ساعة i used to take راحة break ربع 15 minutes ساعة .
we ask بعض other more frequently it 's not a desk job and that 's it خلاص
بس يعنى mean i كان طبيعة the job nature that موجودة in the الشركة دى
yes , frankly as a طالب at college يعني .
working الحياة is something جميلة بس 's جميلة but full of risks and بعدين you 're alone so if كتيرة messed up so body you have بتبقي handle it الدنيا .
فالحياة working life is definitely good حلوة، be of فيها advantages هى that it مجازفة risky as well و you can get ربح of course كده، however , الطالب حياة is a little bit شويه that you love .. learning bit by bit . i mean وقتك still تتعلم على time تتعلم تتعلم then go for the working الحياة instead of تدخل to the working المهنية instantly
i كده جربت working جربت لوحدي قبل في university الجامعةكان it الموضوع really مرهق و difficult
يعني نجحت نجحت as انا أجيب certain درجة for example او the project became very حلو . i 'm proud of it but i was مانبستطش pleased بالرحلة بالرحلة بالرحلة of بتاعة المشروع دى i am not pleased with دى four month المشروع .
when i attended the internship و when i دخلت في الدورة , كنا used to take a كبير of التدريبية المحاضرة and everybody was sharing so أوى يعني that very much .
not all of us مش بنشتغل و there were so مشاكل problems بس i felt that احنا فريق and i were مع each other as they can explain everything to me .
لحد الموضوع الموضوع became طبعا الموضوع طبعا منظم , it was .. was تجربة better experience rather than لوحدي لوحدي
هو قبل i had a حد in the team
what i am trying حاجة most is بنقلها once انت had a خلاص , you وقف شغل
مش do n't have to تخبط much effort in order to reach something just وقف and have a راحة
you take it خالص بيبدأ with him هنتعلم نمسك the problem واحدة by step simply at all all as if أكننا are أكننا to learn from the beginning as if you are يعنى
being simple makes you feel أن you 're not alone and it 's عادى to تغلط تغلط و انت 's okay أن انت are not as the same مستوى as the other الناس so يحسسك will start feeling بأمان شوية يبدأ you يعنى energy يعنى continue
أه i have سافرت before كده romania
ده كان a camp .. معسكر لمدة two أسبوعين
the معسكر برضه لمدة two أسبوعين as well the المعسكر كان sponsored by organization دولية organization
the الفكرة is that كنت go to المعسكر camp that has to do السباحة swimming هناك that i كان to تبع فيها
بتروح go there to train people and تعلمهم them . بتقعد addition to this , they used to have a competition by the end مع اربعتاشر members من different بلاد and you started تتكلم with بقى about the cultures موجودة
أزاى؟ do تعيشوا live together أزاى؟ أزاى؟ do you تاكلوا ? how do تجيبوا تجيبوا money ? what about your jobs ?
هناك is as if you got بتعرفت بتعرفت كذا countries
there were a lot of places ; for مثلا , لو أقول 'm going to أقول about the best place in egypt , it will be دهب هول the مثلا البلو or three pools
دول كان .. were great أوقات as when we went there قبل , قعدنا spent .. spent three days alone in معسكر camp
فكانت it was really فكانت because it 's one of أحسن أحسن الأماكن that i have ever seen , to مش مشوار and أنا will not أضرب أروحلها traveling مشوار long road مثلا go there
احلى احلى مكان abroad برا؟ ماقدرش can see that it أقول a really good because انا ماسافرتش been to only one واحدة
البلد البلد that i traveled was كلها كلها غابات so the فالغابات was new for me as i have n't seen this before in egypt at all so for me it was good and i will never forget انساها
وش course i أسافر أسافر
of وش i will أسافر
traveling هو nothing غير أن you تجرب to travel and try new حاجات حاجة، it 's already حاجات تجربة that helps you بتتعلم everything مثلا how to manage تدير الوقت، how تدير manage your حاجة، and what you are going هتدفعها spend on الفلوس، . أزاى will take spending حاجة into كمان
you get to know جديدة ناس so your way of thinking بتفكر change for مثلا بتفكر spent قول twenty two و عشرين عشرين years with ناس that have the نفس mindset حوالى when you go هناك التفكير، you will بتفكر that مجتمع society هناك not easily persuaded of anything that أنت بتقلها
شوف should find معاهم way to تقنعهم تتعامل تقنعهم معاهم
فتجربة فتجربة فتجربة was رهيبة رهيبة جدا، خسارة 's better not to miss such حد once you got it
a turning تحول في حياتي؟ حياتي؟ ? مرة there كان something related تبع my father , yes اظن my والدى . كان was in a غيبوبة and was suffering from مشاكل مشاكل أن انت started بتتتحمل feel more responsible مسئولية
هو دخل in a coma تلت شهور months فمسكت انا بقي responsible for غيبوبة work and i had to deal with the problems there ال .. حسيت felt that انا became more شغل a little شويه . it 's not only about working but also leaving my family أهلى and being at university to مشاريع that مشاريع at university that i have there in addition to meeting my الجامعة colleagues so i felt that it تبقي ممكن better if انت توزن تبقي بين both of them
يعنى يعنى علمتنى how to balance between them شوية that 's it
it usually depends on the person in front of me . if i feel أنه the person in front of me really wants to talk with me and to ice بدوس , i start يتكلم with him freely but for me , i أنا like بحب breaking . i do n't like انعزل انعزل from بحب .
i love talking with أدوس freely and it 's not necessarily to be right or wrong or , مثلا مثلا , or يقفش be upset with منى، منى، غلط، from منى، but باحترام كل my respect , of course but i really like to اتعرف along with people لازم you should love تتعلمها and learn how تتعلمها do this .
فانا فانا حاسس that عندي ال .. i am educated , يعني , i wo n't say أن موهبة 's a gift يعني أنا متعلم educated so i feel free to talk و انت 's okay with me no matter ما طالما long as it 's in a باحترام way .
i do n't know what to say , yes but كده should change my way of speaking , there 's a special way you use when you deal with strangers unlike the لما you use to deal with those you live with . فالموضوع it will be مختلفة , of course but no i can talk مع them but in طبعا طبعا الطريقة
يعنى يعنى if واحد طريقتى got مثلا to me اتغيرت أن i have totally changed my way و one hundred eighty degree so when he sees يشوفنى , تتكلم will هيقول أنت أنت am not متتعود تتكلم speaking بالطريقة way .
أكيد , yes أما i speak with another person so هى is the way how i can let them اعرف بيها معلومة point.so it يختلف و هتوصل لازم n't have only one way to let people understand my point دى
هبدأ هضحك هبدأ بالحلو the الغريب الغريب but i will هضحك في الغريب weird هضحك at the end
it يعنى good for me a little شويه . it 's not about being جرئ قلبي but rather about .. about على spontaneous as i say what i think at once as i do ولا even think about بفكر بفكر بعيد those words
so .. definitely على i am بحاول بحاول do my best بحاول الموضوع الموضوع this as much as i يعنى
لكن اه , i am very honest and i usually like meeting my friends
i usually like checking on الناس even ع مابيسألوش do n't مابيسألوش
بحب love checking on everyone
i really احب .. helping الناس
it makes me internally فرحة , it may be بتدينى . i may not believe this but this is الحقيقة الحقيقة يعنى
what أقولها usually أقولها is that i am a little bit صريح
being honest is not .. not humiliating to حد one in front of me.i يعني if عاوز did something عمل with me and i wanted to انتقده، صراحة انتقده، , i wo n't speak with اللى bluntly but it 's totally the opposite مثلا i ببدأ ببدأ صراحة a step by step معاه him
if i do n't care about this person , it will not care .
something that 's weird , that i am أنا فشخ
أه actually , i mean my bachelor في بالذات
my الدكتور
once انت took such الداخلة start , عليه made me feel that كده should n't do this at all as it 's very خالص بكتير
فهو once أتفه said أتفه it 's خلاص دى i became في the المود
but yes , it يعني because of الدورات الدورات that عندنا عندنا في university and because أن the doctors and tas at university , انت are مضطر to تتعامل like بالطريقة، way بالطريقة، انت تتعامل freely في الموضوع path
yes , i can أعيش without a mobile
يعنى , the mobile is not a great part من my life because انا شاغل myself busy doing بحاجات بحاجات , for example مثلا as i قلت i usually read تانية، as for my reading كتير، انا love ال .. do n't love النسخ خالص copies
بتمرن train بتكلم to بتكلم مع ناس أكتر
أوقف for في mobile part بقى، لو i عاوز اتواصل contact with حد who 's far from me that i مش n't اوصله، him اوصله، مش ca هعرف اقابله، اقابله، , i wo n't be able to speak معاه him this way ان هو was بعيد أو even if there 's an emergency and he can not come then he did his best to come
a situation for example , or a specific idea و لا what ايه؟
اقنعك make اقنعك اقنعك بيها؟ this ?
if you have a shower بمية استحميت water كل يوم , will you lose ساقعة .
الفكرة الفكرة that you تستحمى a تستحمى ساقعة with cold ساقعة may make you crazy , انت بيدخل will take a cold shower سافعة، انت will تستحمى a cold سافعة، تستحمى تلج، تلج، تمام؟ تمام؟
a step by step at أولا غير أنك أنك feel as if أنك are نزلت off من a طيارة or اكنك went طيارة , it 's really hard as you can not تتنفس , you .. you can not understand this
دقيقتين تحس أن it 's سهل for two or three حاجة and everything الموضوع okay although the situation is صعب for example , you will jump من طيارة، طيارة، , as you هتعمل make something great so you will feel رهيب
فبالطريقة this فبالطريقة , no , أعمل feel that it 's عادى and that you can do anything like doing أعوم , running , swimming or doing anything , هتلاقي adrenaline ده make نفسك gain خبرة خبرة .. بيديك زي إحساس wow كده that أى can do حاجة
how to بقي تخس؟ ? as أنت will walk a lot and تفكر و of كده أكيد you wo n't eat
جرب جرب
you 're تؤمرونى welcome
تمام أنا أنا اتولدت was born في الكويت
i عشت هناك for eighteen years .
then نزلت come to مصر to join الجامعة
i كانت to an دولية school
قبل used to be in an بالظبط i mean just before كنت في university
خلصت i am done with igs و نزلت نزلت to egypt as قدر الإمكان الإمكان
و came here in 2010
and i have been living هنا on my own تسع تسع years .
okay i thought that the first سنة at university was really صعب
مكنتش مكنتش متأكدة actually متأكدة which قسم department أنهي wanted to قسم .
joining أطلع faculty of engineering was كبير right because i am the only boy for my parents فماكانش i فماكانش n't be anything other than مهندس engineer أو a دكتور
بس أن the الظروف و عندي am إن the only boy فكان i فكان troubles التعامل مع الناس بشكل عام .
أنا 'm sort of introvert a little
i felt أن this is the most شخصيا مجال for ليه personally
. dealing مع computers أسهل a lot easier than dealing with human being
actually , the الاجتماعية الناحية in my حياتي كانت صغيرة و the component was very يعني
so i was not able to deal with people ان it was more comfortable with dealing with الكمبيوترات
فبالإضافة plus that i was كويس at فيه بصراحة
i mean افتكر remember when i افتكر in أس بس 1 , yes أنا كنت got بي مينس but but i بشرح to بشرح to others
فيمكن be شويه grades ماكنتش n't fair عشان to the الظروف
but in cs 2 اعتقد think i جبت an a easily يعني
تمام بقية so i guess أن بتاعتي الدراسة was normalized normally like anybody بقية in my class
i اعتقد it مشاريع all أس projects , except maybe for يمكن bachelor مشروع
my bachelor مشروع was about 3d الأبعاد يعني اللي was something fancy actually at that time خيالية
يعني اينعم اينعم , now الموضوع situation becomes easy but at that time in two خمستاشر and خمستاشر , the project كان a little bit difficult for me
actually أنا أنا قضيت فوق than two الشهرين الشهرين كل day بقضي i قضيت from twelve to لستاشر ساعة على front اللابتوب my اللابتوب alone
so أعتقد believe يعني أن دي كت one من the defining التجارب في my life
i felt أن حاسس هو this is what hard work يعني يعني
my usual بحاول is that انا feel as much as i can أن أنا انام seven hours مرة a block
مابقطعش do n't my sleeping مابقطعش
ممكن may spend أقضي whole سنة انام تلت أو four naps in المجمل
i نوم مابحبش نوم a nap خالص، the middle of الضهر day as i مصدع، up suffering from headache مصدع، i do n't like this so i try as much as i can to sleep for one ساعات، واحدة، سبع ساعات، , that 's كدا
if i نمت at بصحى o'clock , i get up الساعة خمسة o'clock .
لو نمت نمت actually no حداشر from eleven till ده o'clock لخمسة six hours
لو i sleep at eleven o'clock , i get بصحى الساعة ستة o'clock .
if i sleep at عشرة o'clock خمسة، i get up at خمسة، o'clock and so on يعني
but once i get up , obviously actually i read شوية few مقالات مقالات actually أن once you get up , انك are supposed to take a دش تأخد because this shock makes الدم يتنقل للأعضاء the الداخلية للأعضاء rather than the outer organs .
ف هي sort of gives بتديك like a awake up call , it alerts you .
because الأعضاء الأعضاء السبات have entered a نوع of hibernation في while you are بتبقى نائم
فأول فأول you take a cold shower تاخد water i يعني الدم يتدفق into the organs out يعني بعيد عن للأعضاء skin الجلد
so it فعلا works
يعني the الدش shower فعلا you جامد
بس بس اه يعني and وأول وأول as أخد take my shower بتاعي just get my الدش بفطر and come to uni or work يعني .
للأسف أنا 'm not a very رياضي شخص
ان i watch tv series and انا is الحاجة only thing انا do في الأسبوع
that 's كدا
actually نتفليكس .
انقسام أخر the أخر فيلم i have عليه was انقسام
و كنت to go and watch a movie زجاج glass
حسيت حسيت ان انا have watched غير قابل للكسر although ده was very old movie أن أوي شفته long أوي
i عاجبني كان it
and وطبعاً glass مبني مبني على unbreakable و split
i وشفت split and it was actually شيق interesting جدا
يعني , المبدأ المبدأ of اضطراب الشخصيات اضطراب بتاع really really interesting .
actually when i قعدت فيديوهات videos that هو الموضوع topic a little الموضوع خيالي شويه شويه
هو at one point , there was a woman that a man بيسألها asking her questions and she was سؤال بتجاوب having a certain بأسلوب , طريقة and way بعد that with a few minutes exactly , he asked يسألها السؤال نفس question and عليه answered بطريقة بطريقة مختلفة way و المحتوى content of الأجابة الأجابة الأجابة totally مختلف
و tone of صوتها بتاعة تماما different و the اللهجة sort ما even it becomes a little bit different هو if she قلبت جنوبية i mean م southern states although هي is not southern at all
يعني , كان 's a little bit مخيف .
so but يعني بس 's an interesting movie
very جدا
my favorite author or who i love reading for is أكتر اقراله el husseiny
the الفكرة of khaled elhusseiny in general is مجرد صدمة trauma يعني هي painful drama هي which is الحاجة الوحيدة thing that teaches human being honestly
actually all بتاعته الكتب are good هو فبا أكتر كتاب that influenced me قريتهمله most كانت and the mountains ورددت .
i اعتقد actually
it was .. was الصراحة very gloomy book honestly
هو , الكاتب الكاتب is from أصل afghan background
و was a refugee actually و left afghanistan و went to pakistan then هاجر to the us .
فهو كل his stories بتاعته themed بتدور the refugees and بتدور الحرب that started في أفغنستان و so on يعني
فالقصة the فالقصة tackles a character that lived وقت the war وإزاي actually how did she stumble upon one عمالة to the لتانية
and then أن أزاي الحرب influenced عليهم although هي woman كانت from في very wealthy غنية
and how she انحدرت down و عاشت في بسيط low state و it 's really bad actually
but and و how did ازاي find i لاقيت a الحب اعتقد
في يعني لازم should be the part of love and imaginary in order يبقى نعمل الحب entertaining قصة actually i guess
أعتقد أعتقد احنا it depends on the geographical الحالة that هنكون هنكون هنكون in
actually , i 'm not sure honestly as i should stay in مش مصر أو leave
يعني أنا i 'm مستقر settled yet
so it 's assuming to travel another تانية ف أعتقد 'm guessing that any school هتمشي do
actually , there 's المعيار standard of education مافيهوش there 's not تفاوت تفاوت كبير
most probably حد majority معظم schools هي almost الشئ نفس الشئ
غير , if أنا أنا here في مصر , i guess since that there في a تنوع diversity in المدارس such بين التجريبي experimental و international و القومي و the elite الراقية
it فعلا really very متنوع and very جدا
صعب 's a very صعب اختيار
ف أعتقد أعتقد ممكن personally انا أختار أختار the الفرنساوي schools for girls i أعتقد
based on أنا شخصية تجربة , some of friends in my class are actually مدارس of حاسس و i felt أن بتاعهم education مستوى بتاعهم their مستوى of education is really حلو and very satisfying على least
so بناء على that based on خبرتي السابقة experience خبرة أنا أنا noticed from my friends أعتقد i think that such schools هتبقى هتبقى most suited لولادي my لولادي , اعتقد guess .
well طيب أنا 'm بتهيألي او الحقيقة i 'm not بتهيألي that being a ta بحلم not my بحلم بيها
i معتقدش n't believe انها it 's anyone وظيفة الأحلام شخص
i personally try to acquire اخد position في an r والتطوير d والتطوير
but مشكلة مشكلة هي on the البحث and والتطوير منصب i mean that the البحث and والتطوير يعني محتاج academia
and i مابحبش n't like المجال academia
but it 's a وضع state and وده is مطلوب مطلوب
so أنا 'm trying to أنتقل through this phase so that i بحاول أنتقل on to an r والتطوير d for example مثلا could يكون في corporate or it could يكون في الأبحاث center مركز .
it should n't be related to بالمجال يعني
و the internships أنا i عملت as i عملت تدريب an تدريب before في an بترول شركة
كنت كنت to شغال with the الشبكة administrator
we used بنحاول try بنحاول نؤسس up sort of الشبكة الشبكة كده they are ip عشان تبقى it should all تبقى in على the للشبكة so the owner للشبكة the الشركة that lived في the us و he wanted to يتفرج in بالإيباد see what 's going على his company through his بالإيباد من it was interesting
actually , i اكتسبت a كبيرة معرفة معرفة about الشبكات networks بشكل general based on this project .
ف this that كان one شيق تدريب , honestly
actually , بصراحة actually من the little internships that دي was forced بإيدي work on on my own و اتعامل اتعامل مع a lot of people
عكس المعتاد المعتاد time you تبقى في your أوضة مع اللاب اللاب ان انت code حاجتك حاجتك بتبرمج بتبعت إيميلات و و that بس .
i do not معتقدش معتقدش i want أني be student عاوز تاني
i 'm يعني i do n't enjoy الأكاديمية بستمتع be بستمتع
i 'm مش .. i do n't enjoy teaching التدريس process
بالنسبة me دي في just a temporary phase with أخلصها as soon as possible و i 'm بحاول to get done
كون ابقى طالب obviously would هتكون something شيقة if i 'm بتعلم شيقة شيقة
actually if اني got a phd position فرصة something that i actually really مثلا أنا 'd definitely be مهتم بحبها be a student once again actually
بس for the time الحالي i أنا looking for a job and such يعني .. لأ i would like to go عايز to لسوق market now actually
i سافرت سافرت to so many places , صراحة
but أطول longest فترة of زمنية i قضتها was في هولندا netherlands , i stayed there for قعدت سنة
i قعدت in germany for four months
so أعتقد guess حاجة most remarkable مرة مميزة انا في .. was فاكر the الخضراء يعني
يعني , i really بنفتقدها بنفتقدها هنا في القاهرة أوي صراحة
i قدام one يوم كان one of my friends visited me و we sat in front of rijksmuseum that is the الرمبرانت متحف
اه هو the متحف رايكس and متحف الرمبرانت museum جمب close to each other
anyways هي حتة 's a greenery مساحة and it 's like في منطقة sort of hill
بس it 's هو made-up تل actually
so قعدنا stayed there
we تلات for three or اربع hours
ال weather كان really good
i أعتقد that that day كان the most مميز يوم for me في ليا كلها السنة .
i عملت friends but not at الشغل
it 's very جدا تكون أصحاب في الشغل
أنا كونت made more friends from the course of بتاعت that انا used to باخدها
so that شيق pretty interesting
i 'm still تواصل تواصل على معاهم of them , مش كلهم of them obviously
و بس do n't think ان بكون بكون other تانيين
اه هم were but الناس were with معايا at . الهولندي دورة
أول حاجة top of my دماغي دلوقتي now يعني i would love to go to أروح اليابان , honestly
بالنسبالي me , it 's a very شيق place
actually , اعتقد think i would love to go to japan anytime soon .
قريبة next من switzerland as well
actually دايما i 've always looked forward to أزور أزور سويسرا
but طبعا سعر price سعر of each trip , no matter how little it صغير , it becomes كبير مهما مرتين so it 's something to تفكر twice يعني actually
بتعتمد depends على المنحة الدراسية نفسها
it بتعتمد على the المنصب that 's المعروض يعني and المنحة المنحة that المعروضة برضه المعروضة برضه يعني
بتهيألي am guessing طبعاً a scholarship is منحة حلوة to have and حاجة position يطمح طبعا something to يحصل for whether or هل this is something مناسبة to me right now that it 's a very صعب قرار يعني and that 's it
i كان there were a lot of تحول كتير
but i believe يمكن الشغل first ست months بعد الشغل was the تحول point في my life as i خلاص ان i 'm no longer مبقتش child actually
يعتي , i 'm an كبير and i 'm responsible for نفسي
و it 's .. بتاع الضغط at الشغل was really عالي في that time of my life in particular فحاسيت انك felt أن okay يعني this هو اختيار difficult اختيار to تعمله
هو are you سعيد؟ سعيد؟
if كدا أنت you i يعني is هل something you can do to make you more happy او less unhappy ?
so اعتقد believe that 's واحدة من نقاط التحول التحول
تمام هو أنا أنا as a student , i بفضل prefer working individually not in مشاريع جماعية مشاريع
but now that i اشتغلت أعتقد believe that انا اختلف اختلف
و i really appreciate the العمل الجماعي
however i would always prefer ان المهمة task given to me اخدها not a مهمة that i need to do for محتاج حد
يعني , assuming that there are pools of tasks so تديني to تديني مهمات as many tasks as you want and i اسلمها those tasks لحد you so as هو يكمل يكمل يكمل on the tasks or يحطها adds this to another تانية
هو و أنا will not نشتغل working on the نفس task
يعني نفرض أن في there are a presentation or a تقرير that need to be made يتعملوا i can اخد اخد for التقديم presentation و هو ياخد be ياخد ياخد التقرير report or vice versa
مش 's not لازم to work on العرض العرض التقديمي و to work on التقرير التقرير .
i feel ان 's counter-productive actually
there are but outside university
اعتقد اعتقد ان my personal الشخصي model right الوقت الحالي هو إيلون ماسك
he is that kind of person و wakes up الساعة اربعة am actually
because he ده the one who سبيس عمل x
ده is the one who made paypal
عمل is the one who made tesla
so ف .. اه this is definitely something دي طبعا up to actually
i believe أنك تقدر never actually تستهدف the .. or يعني tackle the موضوع of تواجه شخص او حب someone مهما matter how مهما you كنت as كشخص كشخص إما ه .. actually you 'll always be criticized بشكل a way
so if فلو will talk about الشغل personal sorry the الناس perspective و career-wise اعتقد believe i 'd rather be respected than liked
أينعم أن محبوب محبوب وسط your colleagues at تبقى is obviously something that you would love to find وحاجة something وحاجة أنت تحب seek but مستحيلة 's مستحيلة
زمايلك هيبقى never هيبقى loved by all your colleagues at الشغل
it مستحيل almost مستحيل
so i 'd rather تحبني تحبني صراحة . تحبني صراحة
تخلص الحاجة done أسرع
أعتقد أعتقد that لأ انا 'm لا مش ودود person خالص خالص
أنا خالص 'm not an easy person التعامل التعامل with at all
بس في الشغل actually as long طالما we are at work yes بسيط 's بسيط and بسيط
but as for في الشخصي level لأ , i take a lot of وقت to come on to لشخص وحتى just يعني be natural with them actually
ما there are always a lot of layers قبل dealing with عادي normal person كإنه كإنه 's somebody i have known من ages
indecisiveness
i بكره المترددة people
مش do n't يعني for مثلا المفهوم المفهوم of اجتماع في meeting بتاع so let فتعالوا all نقرر no we can do أ or اقولك can اقولك that we ممكن do b or it could يبقى ج , which is مثلا this is not going to work
اللي ما هو okay as كل these options are on the table الترابيزة we need to make a القرار
that if you مش مهتم وسلبي الاجتماع and passive to كل , mean يعني we يبقى not نعملش الاجتماع meeting
actually بحس i feel ان it 's pointless
but not at university
i أنا متأكد sure that أنا 've done this once أو أتنين within an مقابلة which i think مسموح allowed , i يعني , in an interview المقابلة
بس i do n't do this inside جوه فصل
actually once when واحد of واحد of the students asks يسألني if i أنا n't i يعني لو something .. .. mean لو الطلبة asks بيسألني whether لو في عارفها or not , i tell بقوله .
no و انا i في .. no during التقييم evaluation اه when انا كنت a student انا و i was ايام التقييمات definitely
yes i طبعا
exactly يعني
i كنت لازم to أعمل that
بس بس , as a teacher دلوقت no , i أنا طبعا طبعا n't do that
actually لما somebody asks whether بيسألني know this or not انت انت عارف ولا بقوله i بقوله him to send me بريد بريد then i will هرد بالإجابة with the answers as soon ما أقدر .
i guess في التقييمات التقييمات i remember in particular يعني when there were many موقف أنا it definitely did ساعدني me up
actually it means that أنا أنا spoke about the المشروع and how much عملت i exert and what to-do-list i prepare عارف تلاتة class and الفصل other class و i أعتقد انه it worked في يعني
not مش of it but فعلا did حصل صراحة اه .
لأ عشان the majority of الناس that انا deal with بشكل daily basis بتعامل not there around حواليا
يعني my أهلي live outside egypt so i will never فأنا able to أتواصل with مصر معاهم i لو n't have معايا موبايل
مستحيل فالموضوع almost حقيقي حقيقي
i أعتقد أن one من الحاجات أهم الحاجات points that people skip او مابتهتمش بتفوتها care about في sleeping سبع hours
يعني , this is ان أنت مش no idea how much الأبحاث shows يعني actually very جدا important للبني a human being
أقدر يعني على much أقدر ان people بتبطل تكبر بعد twenty-five وإن that you are يعني after خمسة وعشرين بيدأ 's a countdown for you to تموت فعلا
بس النوم سبع hours is .. is مهم vital
actually research قالت that النوم أقل than seven hours will actually actually i mean .. will actually most probably lead to زيادة القلب beat فضغط فضغط الدم فضغط will rise , you 'll be معرض لأتفه الشغل slightest things happening at work يعني , so عندك بتحصل be passive-aggressive , you بتزيد بتزيد عدواني الوزن easily
طبعا , أنا متأكد not exactly sure what i am not متأكد من والخسارة and التأثير في everything , actually how كل واحدة واحدة بتحصل , but يعني i متأكد متأكد that i 've قرأت a بحث that بيقول that كل of this happens لو نمت sleep less من seven hours
so اوي feel أن واحدة من the underrated الحاجات is أن حد ينام less than سبع ساعات
أنا 'm متأكد ان you مش n't want to lose weight في one ما and أنت عاوز n't want عاوز suffer from ارتفاع blood pressure at أي وقت in time soon
ف لو you want to avoid الحاجتين two things you definitely محتاج exactly or more than seven hours .. او to sleep less than seven ساعات as a واحدة يعني .
actually , i أتولدت born here in cairo here في egypt
i كان to كان في traditional national schools and all of them are عادي عربي before الجامعة
بعدين i جيت يو سي , وبعد ماخلصت i was graduated from يو سي , i بقيت مدرس ta
كنت was في university , then i أشتغلت as a ta at the نفس university where i used to study till دلوقتي
أنا started to be .. اهتم بال أ .. my التخصص إبتدأ من الفصل الدراسي 3 at university although at الفصل الأول totally ضده it , أنا كنت n't want to go for this major at all
بداية من semester three حاسيت i حاسيت that انا مهتم مهتم interested فيه عن التخصصات التخصصات majors
و أول from semester التالت أنا decided that i will continue في التخصص major لغاية أنا اتخرج ان شاء الله
my التخرج project كان about بتاعي اسمها الويب الدلالى web
most of the search محركات موجوده were .. بتشتغل بتشتغل on their .. في .. في logic based على the اللغوي part that اللي user enter regardless بغض بتاعها meaning and هو هو means by this
كنا used ييقصد يحاول to نعمل a دلالي بحث engine that reasons or يفهم the user that بيكتب a مصطلح في the .. في البحث محرك and what he means by that trying to show the best results المناسبة can fit the .. the term او السؤال query مدخلها the user مدخلها
هو do nothing except اي getting مافهوش افطر،البس having حاجة and اني افطر،البس
هو أساسا الأجازة الأسبوعية هي مخصصة for للراحة النوم and للراحة وال وال .. the extra thing that تتعمل be done هو to زيارة my .. الأهل، , القرايب، and so on , that 's it
my الهوايات في mostly reading and ال .. ال .. العاب الكمبيوتر، الكمبيوتر، الكمبيوتر، ده if نقول can call it a hobby , that 's بس
maybe هي read a lot of قريتها و all كلها كلها are good
most of them were novels بصراحة they are not .. مش .. مش علمية كتب or something
a رواية كان الصباح and evening talk by نجيب الصباح محفوظ، was one of عجبتني عجبتني , و when عجبتني watched the .. dramatic adaptation as it was اتعمل into a مسلسل or something and it كان مسلسل بقى a very well presentation
there was في سجين of زندا and it كانت also very well اوي
والحقيقة actually , هي التاني الجزء التاني most people do n't know that it ليها a second part التاني was اسمه روبرت من هينتزو
it was the second الجزء of بتاع سجين of zenda
دول فاكرهم فاكرهم can still اللي for دلوقتي
those what i really حاجات حاجات عجبوني
i مش بتفرج watched افلام in a long time , but the الأفلام that i watched that كانت مؤثرة impactful on me were troy and most of harry potter سلسلة لما i used to بشوفها them when i was صغير
titanic لما i شوفته it for the first مرة .
at that time the .. ال إخراج of the movie was very persuasive of its exact message . even if this ده opposite to what you أنت persuaded of , هو can direct يوجهك to the idea that يقوله قادر to say exactly and who you sympathize مع , who ماتتععطفيش do n't ماتتععطفيش ماتحبيش with مين، who you تحبي مين، who تحبي تحبي , you see the الفيلم بنظرته بنظرته own eyes exactly like ما هو wants actually
دول what فاكرهم can remember now
i do n't remember anything كده actually
yes
i still do n't have أولاد but in general i did n't .. did n't think في a specific school
هي 's not about being an دولية or a قومية school ولا it 's based on البيئة المدرسة نفسها and ال .. ال .. ال البيئة over all that the .. اللي the أبنها will be there one day
it شرط not necessarily شرط تكون national مدرسة قومية bad او that the دولية دولية تبقى very good , no هو depends on the school itself
it has .. يعني ليها certain standards that one will think of at that time i يعني to يتأكد يتأكد ان في 's a healthy environment around him
and الطلاب like him should have معينة معايير as المعايير المعايير i want my child to يتعلمها من المدرسة
as for the languages يكون هو should have the.the .. التانية secondary اللغة based on the المدرسة no matter is it إنجليزي تكون french or deutsch , no problem
but what i am really مهتم in بقي that .. مايخرجش did n't abandon his mother لغته اللي is العربي , no he should يبقي عربي well and he should speak arabic ويتناقش discuss everything in بالعربي but still he has a تانية لغة قوية 's very strong that will help him علميًا or anything علاقة to the job العمل او كده
في البرمجيات software تطوير
لأ the .. the المهنية life is أحسن for me by بكتير
مش do n't .. .. مش مش .. .. do n't want to be as a student anymore or to have ال .. the .. the بتاع of حضور المحاضرات and حل واجبات امتحانات و .. و امتحانات و midterms و things like كله مش do مش عايز .. do خالص to go back to ابدا ever
even the الفترة when i قعدت فيها on في الماجستير هنا لما i كنت a kind of a student كانت not .. not .. not a good time at all actually .
كل the الأنشطة that هي a نوع of student أنشطة من it comes ناحية القراءات and نجيب papers to find out something و كله like that كانت سيئة سيئة for me ومش نطلع do n't like to go back to this kind of الأنشطة again .
هو طبعا طبعا لو بيها 's مملة on routine ممكن it could be long term very مملة daily روتين .. .. بس if كنت enjoy it , it will reduce المدى chances of تكون bored with what you do throughout the day خاصة that it 's like التدريس ..
as for التدريس , كل semester , بتاعك meet new ترم and interact with معاهم differently according to ليهم مختلفة عقليات محتاج you need تخاطب address all of these mentalities differently in order to deliver your message or توصل توصل المحتوى المحتوى بطريقة a good way للطلبة للطلبة للطلبة
فأنا علي least i really love التدريس و أنا feel ان فيه 's a kind of challenge , first of all whatever the مستوى الطلبة students in front of you كويس، قصادك should توصلهم what you want تقوله تقوله in بأي way as you should find a طريقة through which توصلهم can توصل what كلامك تعرف as well as المحتوى content that you need توصله deliver يفهمك them بكفاءة and بكفاءة بكفاءة بكفاءة way اللي that they understand you regardless it 's technically كويس، or , كويس مش مش technically good
so فالنوع kind فالنوع التحدي .. التحدي بيرضيني me الصراحة
ان i % b .. try اتغلب overcome على in a way or كده
اجتماعيا , أنت pass by so many people of مختلفة، عقليات مختلفة، from مختلفة، بيئات , من different مستويات فشايفها i see that 's good
by time اصلا i رغمان n't رغمان the .. ال .. ال ال .. the student life يو the guc هي a comfort منطقة for me
فبالتالي بيفرق انا do n't mind at all to stay فيها حتي لو there 's a routine-based جزء
once when انا was in the eighth semester , i was in تدريب تدريب at الترم برمجيات تطوير شركة
as for our .. كان .. our الطبيعية الحياة بتاعتنا we were متقسمين متقسمين فرق هناك
each team مسؤول مسؤول for a part من a المنتج that they made with .. بالفرق المختلفة teams موجودة were هناك
i كنت من the team of التطوير التطوير هناك و we used to بنتدرب علي the developing .. developing software ب language c++
كت was .. was تجربة very good تجربة for me , i حاسيت feel how الناس were working في the software تطوير و it كان actually one ضمن my مفضلة الحاجت بالنسبالي me رغم أنا became مدرس ta بعد that انا i كنت very pleased with
and if i جاتلي الفرصة الفرصة later on , god willing , ا .. to اغير my career to something related to software تطوير أنا .. i would n't mind at all ..
no
last time i went في north الساحل اللي فات
it مجرد only leisure time actually
one can go there يروح، wake يصحي، يصحي، يروح يروح the .. .. the beach , then ينام back and eat ياكل، sleep and so وهكذا، , nothing أكتر
ممكن الكلام ممكن for some people but it بس مرسي matrouh
the .. ال .. البيئة environment there كانت really good , the sea was really good و calm و clean and the حاجات طبيعية طبيعية look naturally were طبيعية واماكن addition to so many places that you can تتزار such as متاحف and so on
عموما general , الجو weather هناك أنا better than that in other مكان that i روحته
و .. و ماعنديش have no problem to مانع there once و اتنين و اتنين ثلاثة
كان أول turning حاجة كان في semester three when i قررت to اكمل في السي السي cs
because قبلها قبلها % b .. % b .. ال .. القرارات القرارات القرارات me كان far away عن cs , it was electronics or mechatronics for example او something
كان التحول التحول نقطة ان the الدورة التعليمية أس 3 هي that كانت the تحول نقطة for me
because i حسيت انا i really enjoy this .. انا and أنا really excel things like حاسبات ومعلومات و في the same time ومعلومات related بالتخصص the other major زي حاسبات و things like that أنا i .. أنا did فاشل in المواد courses يعني
so تحول huge turning نقطة was when انا كنت a تخصص، and ورحت for another major at all
نفس same happens قبل i ادخل الجامعة
أنا the beginning i was about to رايح another جامعة then by mere هو one of أنا صاحبي told عرفني about the سي
and i had .. كان an impression about الجي يو سي او it 's guc but the other المكان that هو was about to go required a specific لغة
لإن that was the لغة there and وأنا ماكنش n't know دي language
but i عرفت from him that the .. ال university does n't محتاجة having محددة specific لغة ممكن i can اخش فيها عادي ,
ف بالصدفة chance , i went روحت ودخلت took الاختبار الاختبار وعديت i passed the test
و i الجي جيت
فكت فكت خالص at all يعني
تقريبا تقريبا لأ خالص
يعني أنا have like a نوع of standards and نوع of a goal that انا بحاول to اوصله in my own way regardless of حد تاني people did اوصله كده
لأ i انا أقول say that أنا am very very easy شخص to deal with
on بالعكس contrary و i 'm بقدر بقدر considering person as i بحاول to أفهم أفهم الشخص in front of me وأتعامل know how he speaks and وأتعامل with معاه بنفس the same way that he uses بتعامل interact with me
yes بحس feel that أني need to أغير the way i deal with people in general but i do n't بحس that أنها حاجة صعبة
بالعكس بالعكس contrary بالعكس i بحس that أنها 's جزء من الذكاء اجتماعي اجتماعي actually
و this هي a مهارة as far بتهيألي i think people should تكون this skill خصوصا particular especially that لو you بتتعامل مع مختلفة levels of people
و أتعامل have to deal with all of الطلبة students بطريقة a good way
مش 's not لازم to يبقى in a specific level and i prefer this level and if somebody is away from this المستوى , i do n't deal with معاه in a good way .
on the فبالعكس i لأ حاسسها مش حاسسها 's صعبة
هي أه it 's important to change the way how he بيتاعمل مع different أشخاص and مختلفة personalities and so on but كده do n't مش حاسسها حاسسها difficult يعني
no i أكون أحب أكون أحب rather than liked
i am not interested to ابقى محبوب او مش محبوب but rather respected because respect comes over love
يحب ممكن يحب somebody very much بس by the end هو wo n't respect مابيحترموش
هو sees him .. loves him because he does something معينة he likes but الصورة overall الصورة i see is الكاملة he is not a respectful person
ال .. الاحترام الاحترام ممكن be found حتي if the الشخص قدامك n't like قدامك , or he does n't accept you because of something else but overall to gain احترامه احترامه معترض not easy at all عن than to تكون محبوب
maybe you are liked for illegal بحاجات مشروعة
ممكن تبقى تبقى liked for inappropriate بحاجات
that انت بتعمل something that he sees it as a good thing after all هو he sees that he does not gain احترامه respect
that to gain أحترام respect of someone is more important than أكون be liked
yes , it ممكن بس but i do مسدود make it as a dead end
if there 's a خلاص , انا will مش , if not , هحاول wo n't try to أتعامل with him again
هو the .. ال ال .. the stubborn الشخص هو the one who sticks to a معينة نظر and he بيحدد كل حواليك
so dealing with النوع kind من people is صعب جدا صعب و no matter how مهما حاولتي حاولتي مرة , twice or اتنين و most probably you do n't مابتوصليش anything
but at نقطة معينة i am بحاول not to مقفلش the الباب
لأ there 's at least a فرصة في نحاول نحاول make an extra trial with him maybe he will يبدأ being more أكتر actually
عمري ما .. have never عملت عملت خالص خالص
بالعكس the بالعكس , في of من مقابلة that i attended and i say everything very جدا very صريح جدا أقولهم i told them أنا أنا really did n't know الموضوع عارف and that أنا can not اجابة this الكلام
although people advise me بتقول avoid showing that you do ماتعملش understand but i would prefer أتكلم بتقول about something that انا do understand rather than أتكلم أحاول في answer saying اقعد just to أحاول .. أن impress them with something مايعرفهاش أنا do n't even know so he would say this .. this .. this is good and مايعرفهاش pass it but لأ do n't .. ما ماعملتش do that
okay what كان رد فعل of the person in front of you the المحاور؟ ? what كان فعله؟ رد ? يعني what did he قالك فعله؟ فعله؟ ولا او remain silent did you remain silent سكتوا؟
it حصلت twice , مرة he ماخدتش n't give أي انطباع at all , as for the second ومرة he was surprised أن أنا قلت أصلا ,
أندهش was surprised أن انا .. ان بيقول أن i did n't know عارف، that داخل one who had مقابلة مقابلة فعلا أنا he did n't know الموضوع topic
but by المقاباتين بالمناسبة في .. in both المقاباتين i في accepted
but i اتقبلت accepted و that هم did n't reject me because i said that i did فمانخدوش فاهم that يعني
honestly i أشك
للأسف حاسسها , i can feel this حاسسها للأسف متعلق ال .. our .. أسلوب الحياة is based on عموما mobile and بالانترنت mainly
so فالموبايل mobile معناه to انترنت internet everywhere
موبايل have your mobile كل حتة
بالانترنت، can do حاجات lot using your internet as you can بيتابع the الأخبار and social الكلام منها كله كله so on
فالواحد can feel مثلا when الانترنت الانترنت connection يكون weak , او when there 's no internet at all no اللي feel that زي stay in .. in .. in .. in أسود black hole أن عارف can not interact مع people حواليه me ولا عارف do n't know what 's في
دي مش not مش but as far i think أغلب of the الحياة دلوقتي بتاع people now is like كده
actually فعلا , أقدر أقول أقول that i can not live غير internet او موبايل
i أقول أقول that you do n't .. do ماتعملش حاجة ماتعملش anything لو أنت major في حاسبات حاسبات ومعلومات do n't do أي research لو أنت do n't want تكمل تكمل in مسار research البحث
as for the المجال of computer الحاسبات , most of the .. .. في job العمل do n't appreciate whatever في a البحث track خاصة if هي 's not عملية، عملية، it هتفيدهم n't benefit هتفيدهم في work
لو you are about to تشتغل في the software تطوير company part one , two or التاني , تشتغل will check your مهاراتك هو have to do في the مهاراتك duties
what will they be able أخد take منك you at work شغلي؟
أنما if هتقولي هتقولي ان انا عملت on ماجستير في a certain المجال and you وعملت عملت paper to attend a مؤتمر and that you applied for a journal and that was a .. ص .. ص .. a .. very impactful journal and so on
it 's okay with كله of this و then , what will you do في هتعملي شغلي ?
so فلو you decided at the beginning that you تسعى to تكمل في academic الأكاديمي , i would rather say do not تسعى تسعى تكمل المسار field at خالص
or حتي تحاول تحاول تقول تقول that you تحاول complete masters and اروح اروح
most probably الماجستير will complete الماجستير لنفسك لنفسك own لنفسك
انما if you target هدف the سوق العمل from أول one anything that would lead بتاعتك to the job العمل حتى لو it 's a مبتدئة صغيرة شركة or anything that will تديك you خبرة خبرة و ت .. .. ت .. .. ت .. to .. ت .. to support your cv بتاع what you خاصة are pursuing في the المجال of حاسبات ومعلومات
انما if you feel that you انت an أكاديمي شخص و that you want to يكمل the جامعي الأكاديمي then يبقى 'll يبقى a ta وبعدين a doctor then a أستاذ و so on كله، no you have to الطريق this way و you know what you need in order to continue في this الطريق successfully actually
i was إتولدت في cairo عادي
first , i live في gesr el السويس كتير بعد i عزلت into elrehab بعد i روحت into nasr مدينة بعد كده went back to الرحاب
كنت went برضه مدارسين .. تلات مدارسين as مدارس
في i was in the kg , i was في ..
when i was in ال kg مدرسة، i كنت to a مدرسة، and i moved to another مدرسة في الإبتدائي primary stage كنت i moved to a third مدرسة in في إعدادي و ثانوي stages
كلهم كلهم كلهم where national but إنجليزي قومية يعني
but بعد that i جيت الجامعة هنا
first of all أنا أنا joined الجامعة so as to go for ميكاترونكس أو production , تمام؟ تمام؟
و بعدين at الأول i كنت شوية little bit hesitated whether كنت would go أخش electronics أو شبكات بس i دخلت mechatronics as well
but after i joined mechatronics , إكتشفت إكتشفت that أنا أشطر good at the المواد that related بال .. cs يعني
that is سي أس أو .. or .. أو أي other subjects علاقة بكهربا electricity
يعني for ف .. the mechanical subjects that بعدي used to .. to فيها بس i هو مينس minus ،سي ،سي
so i فقررت إن انا said no i will try think on نفسي own مع this قلت i said لو قعدت left cs , what would عادي
i was about to be in الدراسي four so anyways بقى should هعيد اربع مواد و so on
but when وصلت وصلت at the end of the semester اكتشفت i decided that no i should يتاخد careful while making this قرار so as not يتاخد يتاخد ماندمش عليه بعدين بعدين and i فحولت فحولت تي
i thought that سي was only واحد قسم until they told فاكرها لأ there are departments في dmet و أس
why did فدخلت go أم dmet ليه؟
مش ca n't remember to be honest with you
i أنا can not فعلا why انا دخلت دخلت مش تي instead of cs
بس يعني ع did n't مش نادمان يعني القرار decision
لا , i do n't usually regret
okay now يعني .. actually تلات تقريبا my وقتي to three حاجات
it 's university or bachelor a , مشروع and the third is something إسمها hyperloop
في اجامعة university جديد i have just داخلها يعني
فغالبا فغالبا my يومي is متقسم للتلات دي three أو it 's لحاجة لحاجة واحدة of them
i يعني for مثلا i بصحى بصحى no i بصحى بصحى حاليا whenever i want at 12 pm مثلا مثلا
بس i إما go to الجامعة or stay at home to بقعد on التخرج bachelor and at night i go في the التمرين three times a الإسبوع
now الجمعة friday بروح go بتمرن exercise american football فكل every جمعة as i watch كرة إما if i do n't go there , بتفرج بنزل بتفرج مع صحابي friends بنزل عادي
okay مش really يعني
يعني هو there 's no التمرين but this the most بس ..
يعني إن i بروح to التمرين training , حتى when ببقى ببقى at أكتر i go and search .. .. search to بتعلم more عن this topic by watching فيديوهات فيديوهات بقرا about the القواعد و that 's it
طيب first of all حاجة the التخرج
it started ان انا .. انا هو supposed to بعمل حاجة إسمها tracking الأجسام باستخدام something إسمها stereo camera
كاميرا كاميرا is an ordinary كاميرا but هم .. هم are actually two كامرتين تمام؟ تمام؟
يعني فهي 's بتستخدم بتستخدم instead إن if نعرف بنستخدم a specific camera دلوقتي تمام بنستخدم know مسافة مسافة between الكاميرا الكاميرا and the other thing , if it 's only واحدة كاميرا it ينفع ينفع but with .. with بالتقدير
يعني مثلا مثلا لو you know ال .. البني البني 's average المسافة is so و he can يبقى حجمه حجمه إن he will estimate the distance between the الكاميرا و الحاجة other كده
but لو we عندنا كاميرا كاميرا كاميرا إن في معينة طرق we نقدر نستخدمها نستخدمها to estimate the المسافة between الكاميرا camera and the معينين جسمين جسمين بالطريقة way , okay ?
بإن by using كامرتين cameras so it 's related في maths and so on but i did n't go into فيه
بس i totally changed it until حاجة becomes something خالص
في الأول i كنت trying أ .. to detect the الأجسام in general and أكشف find out إن i can know that 's only واحد object يعني that i أقدر أقدر أحدد المنطقة that هي particular object علاقة nothing to do باللي the حواليه
so i فادخلت for deep التعلم and computer vision and so on i am still reading في this topic
هايبرلوب دي totally different it 's ..
do you know إيلون ماسك؟ ماسك؟
okay actually if you know إيلون musk and if you know سبيس x أو tesla تسلا؟
okay هو يعني the صاحب الشركتين الشركتين two companies , he is the founder of those two companies
و هو عامل something إسمها hyperloop
such هايبرلوب توصيل is like a transportation طريقة as it looks like a closed أنبوبة و it has قليل الضغط like شبه فراغ و the حجرات pass through it بتنقل transport people من one place لمكان another
it 's like من بس but غير wheels actually as it is ماشي on something called air cushion actually the air is pushing it downwards so that there will be a distance between it بين the الأرض هو it moves with بسرعات عالية بسرعات لإن there 's no drag force maybe لإن the pressure is 0.1 في from الغلاف ضغط الجوي ضغط
فبيمشي it moves بسرعات very high بسرعات و with قليلة cost because ألواح tube is placed above فوقيها solar panels so it قوة itself in general
so .. and the مستخدم of the motor that they use is the same هو the motor that is في tesla which is an electric موتور .. موتور أي there 's no وقود consumption .
المهم important part is that هم made a competition للطلبة students to let them .. هم يشاركوا as يشاركوا should build pod على أصغر little bit أصغر and .. .. we travel to perform actually حجرات الحجرات that is بتؤدي في .. في أمريكا عارف in a certain place that we still do n't know
و بنحاول are trying actually بيحاولوا are trying يشوفوا see أحسن best واحد who عامل the الفرامل نظام و the أحسن one to maintain safety and so on و even بيقيموا evaluate it according to كذا aspects so we are still making a team و so كده
no
no
i جدا بحب movies .
my most favorite movie هو dark نهوض الظلام rises
هو يعني عن batman of course all الناس know it
اقولك اقولك اقولك the أحداث مثلا؟ the movie ?
مختصرة brief قصة هو ان that باتمان was n't بقاله for a long time في .. at موجود actually for reason that was in the قبلها movie and .. .. and but هو was forced to come back because there 's عشان actually was about to come and he wanted to .. to turn the whole city where كلها كان upside down
that 's it and he هزمه هزمه في the الآخر و there كان في حرب
it was a very جامد فيلم
honestly و i لسه do n't .. do n't فارقة فارقة the job but i do care about the المكان
يعني , i wanted to بلد to اروح country .. في countries where i نفسي to live so whoever will أعيش with me should understand me فاهمني؟
للأسف , لأ
honestly و كل مريحة في مريحة حاجات حاجات يعني في الجامعة السنة , بيبقى بيبقى free معينة but this is not the case with working طبعا
انا would الشغل to هبقى مستقل إن this is the حاجة point that i am looking حاجة to
بس have traveled twice
okay first i traveled سافرت sweden in two thousand and thirteen
كنت was playing handball مع my team
we قعدنا there for two weeks
كان أحلى هو ال .. the البطولة where كنا participated and we found many people there إحنا they liked the handball هناك هو can go و watch the match يروح إستاد إستاد and so كده
so إحنا البطولة was an important event in the المدينة دي
so the first thing is the great تنوع actually there كان teams من كل countries in the world حتى all of them were almost in that place . in addition to this , people who were عايشة there attended الماتشات matches و a great عدد كان .. and حفلة الإفتتاح حفلة for example في stadium was totally full not من not only الفرق الفرق but من people .. اللي عايشة were living there
it was like .. في festival in الشوارع الشوارع طول the الوقت as there were a lot of people who were و كده بتحتفل كده
second i تاني been to روحت عمرة for umrah
i which أنا can أعيش يعني
أول حاجة or australia
canada أو استراليا في حاجة first حاجة . كندا الناس بيرحبوا do n't ما .. .. racism as عندهم have عنصرية أخلاق so they will welcome حد
يعني people there i do n't مش that .. that i am not مرحب بيا أو i can feel that i am في غربة كده
غير addition to this , هناك هناك إن عرب و في كل where
in استراليا .. استراليا .. life سهلة a little bit شوية
يعني تشتغل دي is not that صعبة عندهم them
عندهم minimum wage is high
actually even لو i .. انا روحت to استراليا for مثلا ماعنديش have no problem with working إن that does n't relate to my دراستها
i أشتغل work as bus إستعداد i مشكلة no مشكلة with that
it المهم أنا important أ have an experience أعيش live عندي in a country كده that
no هو just felt إن أنا حسيت n't حسيت to .. to continue in a field that أنا am not sure about and that happened when أ كنت في mechatronics يعني
i did n't want to regret إن this decision على graduation then ده أقول say that انا should or .. أو أنا i meet مثلا فيقولي فيقولي me اخش join mechatronics and i أقابل say no as i .. joined ميكاترونكس but أنا wish أنا could joined another department
ما .. no i did n't like to أخش في .. في this حتى if .. even if كنت changed the major و then إتخرجت و i would n't like this . if i had remained في ميكاترونكس إن i would هتبقى have known that it was a mistake
it أنا okay i have no problem with that i do n't regret anything like يعني
honestly , التجربة التجربة with the الفريق was n't that لطيفة .. no but in some cases the الفريق .. كان بس في general .. لأ me , أوي have no problem بالنسبالي both الصراحة honestly because في both cases أنا i ببقى work لوحدي الجزء individually
as well أساعد have no problem to برضه حد else حتى لو أنا 's not my الجزء actually .
i مشكلة no مشكلة
أه إيلون musk
ن هو يحاول change everything now like the global الحاجات that .. موجودة هو that هي المخاطر for the .. environment بتقابل general the حاجات warming is like ال .. إيه؟ i can إسمه إسمه ?
عامة general ال .. ال .. is related بال .. بالحفريات fossil بحرق burning of fossil fuels يعني هو it .. دي كانت حاجة most أهم part in his حياته
actually م .. dedicated .. نفسه life for this and أنا عامة he is a ناجح ناجح person
i wish إن بتمنى أنا like أوصله في يوم الأيام
لأ لأ أكون أكيد أكيد أحسن أحسن
لا no i am a very عادي شخص و عادي 's okay ماعنديش مشكلة no مشكلة حتى مابضايقش 's not annoying to الكلام with people
أه . يعني i بتعامل with بتعامل ..
actually ممكن ال .. انا i بحط this as لو انا لاقيت صورة person in شوية of me is from .. .. from a معين type that أنا got متعود to deal with أنا i بتعامل deal with كده according على this الأساس even لو معاه is not مثلا that , it يعني أنا أنا still do n't know كده but أنا am just بفترض يعني
هو best quality that i see about myself is حاجة فيا do n't get annoyed .. .. حاجة خالص with people at all حتى matter what they did to me
في الجامعة بس بعمل بعمل do this
لأ يعني ممكن maybe for مثلا أبقى am in a debate with حد و .. حد من صحابي friends عادي and i my feel أنا i هو what i am going to say will be understood إن i will say nonsense و i know that أنا am عارف بفتي okay
و أقوله ممكن أقوله أقوله after that أن i كنت saying بفتي يعني
no they believe
لمدة a certain period of يعني or in عامة؟ عامة؟
it depends . if i do n't ماعيش موبايل mobile and the كله world كله the same like me ?
أه، أه، اه , no , أنا 's عادي بتكلم i am بتكلم about ك .. كمكالمات phone calls يعني
no يعني for me .. بالنسبالي me أنا phone مكالمات are very important to me يعني but i do n't عادي about the other قشطة
أقولك should i أقولك أقولك and how should أبتدي أبتدي ?
لو you are pleased here لأ لأ you should المفروض تقعد
ما i ممكن .. actually i أنا n't been there مثلا بس i can الصراحة أروح and i do n't ممكن this و i feel that التعامل مع الناس صعب صعب for example أو كده، كده، here بتعامل بتعامل مع people more أحسن so i can go back it 's أسهل
i do n't think شايف انت لازم do this حاجة .
i أنا أصلا من أسكندرية and i stayed there لحد عندى was أربع years سنين
at الأول , i كنت in حضانة فرنساوي pre-school but when جينا moved أسكندرية أسكندرية .. لما we moved from cairo . my mother does n't مابتعرفش فرنساوي but بدئين does but he فكان a new شغل و so on and it was a start up and so on أن he could n't have فاضطريت to follow up معايا me so i فاضطريت to go to an إنجليزي مدرسة
و كنت في a قومية school و that 's بس
انا i joined الجامعة at خالص، very الأول , once i دخلت university i مختارة major مواد و .. but later on كان it 's بشكل ما مرتبط to my بابا 's بشغل و so on but بعد كده غيرت رأيي رأيي
i لقيت this في .. in .. in .. في with many people and i شفت الشغل الشغل related بتاع ميكاترونكس و كده كده
واحد very close friend of mine كان .. was هو mechatronics و .. and he persuaded me to join this field and و liked what هو said to me so that 's why i دخلت for it
تمام
هو التخرج مشروع is يعني بشكل ما مرتبط بالمجال بالمجال البصري البصري
it 's معمول في .. في the lab of بصريات
and بعد that actually it 's هو بداية of the research .. يعني هو medical بحث
we will هنستخدمه it هنستخدمه on after .. بعد أن the النتائج هتطلع supposed to be out so that it can be used in the طبي research ل .. يعني أجهزة sensors actually
it .. ممكن could be used later on as anyone يستشعر detect الوزن weight of الكتلة weight بتاع cells السرطانية cells for example , the weight any نوع من bacteria that its mass جدا very small that فصعب 's difficult for حد to يكتشفها يكتشفها يعني بالميزان بال .. the ordinary بالميزان
تمام عكس my daily routine is that i start by doing something that كل الناس does في egypt يعنى
for example مثلا كل people kept telling me أنه they drink nescafe or قهوة and so on but كده me i do n't drink any من these , and not حتى شاي or anything like that
يعنى when i wake up i can drink أشرب like kids ممكن like when i was in the pre-school .. و لسه still أيام الميكس بشرب ميكس milk
مثلا example مثلا if i get up too early because my أخويا مدرسته school is near أخويا my university , sometimes i drive بوصله to الجامعة after that بتكون go فاضية الجامعة و it 's still vacant that i can park my car easily في the parking area as i أول بقى car على the أول row of the parking الجراج لإن is really good because in the midday بيطلع can easily find my car at طول
that 's بس and now i go التخرج المعمل lab يعنى this is my المعمل
و يعني for example هشغل run my experiments or something حاجة، لو i ماكنش n't do this , i نكتب نكتب the تقارير or something
و after بعدين we all started to feel hungry so we all leave المعمل المنشأة and go out to eat and have المعمل for طبعا طبعا then we نخرج back و keep fighting ال .. to نرجع شغله is يرجع to continue شغله in المنشأة المنشأة up and كده on
بس 's it .. and we are supposed to بنسيب المعمل المعمل الساعة أربعة o'clock and this never happened .. actually maybe لو we finish our tasks early مثلا we can نمشي بدري و ده what we like حاجة بنحبها يعني
and if ماخلصناش ماخلصناش n't done , i should بقي working في whole day till الواحد night comes يعني once i قعدت there till الساعة pm
so that 's it و on الظهر بعدين الظهر لو خلصنا finish بعد , i go and الصبح my brother up و نرجع نرجع
لو ماخلصتش ماخلصتش n't finish عادي actually أن i have intentions like anyone to lose weight و اروح اروح to الجيم الجيم and to be super fit و so on كده، i was بحاول for a long time اوي i really love الأكل very يعني
generally my hobbies do .. do n't relate مرتبطة my weekend plans مثلا كده no actually i ممكن get up early في the morning او for example لو انا ممكن not ممكن مثلا , i ممكن go to السباحة في the حمام of النادى النادى
and it 's عادى if i بكون stressed or something , i can انزل on the track actually
my hobbies are all about reading in عامة اصلا أنا love reading very much but it مرتبطة not restricted بالإجازة the weekend or something
no the معظم of my readings are in .. بالعربي، بالعربي، بالعربي، يعني أنا بحب love التاريخ و in general حاجة seems غريبة عن anyone for مثلا i اختار major engineering أو something but i بحب هندسة غريبة جدا since i was young يعني
مش have no .. حاجات examples في كتبي favorite books but أنا have two معينين بحبهم واحدة like youssef zidan مثلا i تقريبا read كل الروايات novels and i just بتاعته بتاعته new novel from the الكتاب fair but i have n't مابدأتش reading فيها yet
i كنت to read the .. العقاد genius بقرا umar i كنت بقرأ بقرأ the genius of umar when i was young
أنا بحب like طريقته style of الكتابة because هي 's not easily مفهومة from the واحدة time you read أن you love يفهمها، read , as تحب love to يفهمها، it more than once even his .. his كتابة كتابة اللغة is .. ما ..
in english % ma .. there was once something something that مرتبطة also somehow related to history وجدت called the manuscript وجدت in عكرا
هي قريتها قريتها as well يعني it was really good especially because it 's written by paulo coelho
definitely i read the alchemist by paulo coelho أنا بس read it in arabic لإن عندى had the same topic في the arabic project في .. في the secondary المفروض as كنا were supposed to read the قصة and .. و analyze it and then نلخصها، نلخصها، , و that 's it .. and .. that 's it
i mainly want أسافر أسافر
عايزة want to اروح to germany
هو أولا of أولا i عايزة to complete .. عايزة عايزة complete بتاعتى masters
actually i wish انا wo n't ماتأخرش late يعني once انا أخلص university .. يعني i am اخلص with الخمس الخمس years of university اروح i will complete my ماجستير at طول ال .. any plans after that .. اه the masters that i am جدا in تكون be علاقة للعربيات للعربيات
يعني يعني after that مانفسوش do n't wish to .. , work في مرسيدس الحاجات بنز or دبيو or anything like that ?
but actually .. actually still .. .. مثلا when i will start something related somehow to .. to بالمجال بالمجال و i find it مثلا in masters , أشوف هبتدى start to search for more حاجات that i was not focusing on فممكن at فممكن time أبقي فممكن يبقى something مخصوصة مخصوصة that ده .. this .. this is الأحلام الأحلام وظيفة actually
the first تدريب that i attended كانت after semester four
i went to .. to the lab which was كيميائي كيميائي و كيميائي تحليلي lab
ماكنش هو n't مرتبط that much with my field بتاعى i am having a .. a دراسة about فيه
بس انا كنت .. actually هى got it طريق one من my يعنى
at that time .. i was somehow broken down يعني .. كنت did n't do well في فصل دراسي four في university فأنا i wanted أحس عايزة that أنا am .. am ابقى at something and that i انجح in فيها in ممكن ت .. to اتغلب over الموضوع
بس .. i started working بدرسه انا i loved the experience أن انا went to work to interact مع elder الشغل even كمان فكرة that the المجال was مختلف عن what i studied that انا اتعلمت a lot
و اكتشفت أن i have عندى معلومات في الكيمياء
and that was the first مرة i felt that i قعدت نص شهر and half و انا did n't want ماكنتش leave actually i have plans actually أن .. whenever i have time , انا go to الشغل and so on even if i will حاجة once a week or something
the second .. تانى تدريب i كان بعد الدراسي السادس and i also got برضه طريق حد of my relatives and هى كانت in .. في الإمارات in sharjah
it كانت really كنت life experience لإنه i stayed with my aunt in دبي و أنا used to .. to work at المعمل lab كان it كان بيترول بيترول actually لإنه was somehow مرتبط to my .. .. my بالمجال كان there ميكانيكية equipment لإنه there were machines that they were making an تجميع for بيتعملها في order to .. to run on عليها the .. ال .. the test
فأنا كنت كنت بصحى get up بصحى ستة am أروح go to الشغل at 8:30 و كنت used to take three الطريق و واحد metro and .. and a باصات و كنت spent two hours on my way to work
and طبعا ماكنتش was n't .. ماكنتش n't متعودة بتاعة على accent بتاعة ال ..
أه i سافرت traveled abroad و the أول time i traveled كانت with my father when i was خمس years old . we went to turkey .. يعني papy was having job شغل هناك so we went with معاه
و had a موقف there when أختى sister دخلت the الحمام of الفندق الفندق و .. و قفلت locked herself من and she could n't تفتح الحمام door
we kept نكلمهم the reception so that نكلمهم could بعتولنا حد بقى to قرفتنا and until they sent بعتولنا حد، حد , فهموا did n't understand english easily and اصلا they sent us حد تعيط فتحلنا الباب الباب and قعدت kept قعدت تعيط and so on
the second مرة is when i was في the بس preparatory when we went to turkey as برضه but that المرة كنت كبرت almost a grown-up and i still remember تفاصيل تفاصيل there and i have many تفاصيل there
the third time is مرة كنا went to لبنان , jordan and emirates لإن what was really الغريب was أن أحنا stayed for اقل than اربعين eight hours in each country because الهدف الرئيسي الهدف was to go to لبلد and stay with نقعد cousins and that 's it .. as for lebanon and بس الأردن , we went there because عشان was having work شغل
فإحنا once نزلنا arrived , هو went to work and we had a بيروت كلها over beirut in less من من يوم
و روحنا went to oman
و .. و .. then to dubai
then a year بعدين we went بعديها روحنا بس
و the next السنة we went روحت روحت فرنسا
and that كانت the أول مرة for me to أروح to europe و so on
and definitely , أحلى أشد place was ديزني actually i am من number one fan of disney since i من young and i have already memorized their songs till now
و .. و it كانت the first مرة to أروح to a european country و so كده
and after that last السنة i went to الإمارات again and that 's بس
كبير، went to سيوه، سيوه، siwa يعني مرة with my friends from the النادى and we were all of the same young سيوه
طبعا , it كانت a very جديدة جدا هو hotel هناك was n't فندق فندق هو was the المنتجع itself as you felt as if كإنك عايشة في an قديمة بيت
and البلد البلد نفسها اصلا you feel that تحسي يعني a الزمن آلة and that you متعودين لورا even .. .. يعني الناس were n't familiar with الناس there .. .. we were n't رجعتى with the culture there and so on
بس she is nice و لطيفة small and there were n't any نوع of التكنولوجيا there or anything like that ولا were no cars there and if you look at the الحاجات at night فانت you can see a very clear sky full of stars and so on .. actually it was really nice تحفة
منظربصراحة انت such an amazing منظربصراحة as you were staying في الصحرا الصحرا listening to غريبة الصحرا ديابة ' حاجات and حاجات weird صوت
and .. and we swam in the .. the sulphur المياه الكبريتية و لطيفة was really nice
و luxor and أسوان علشان are nice too because i like monuments و things like that
but the other places like hurghada و و sharm elsheikh يعني عادي
no , sure , i will love انا travel abroad to build مستقبلى future and في a way or another i am still young و if أنا did n't هبنى مستقبلي future now or did n't work هتعب دلوقتى و .. يعني i should .. اعمل a plan for the future
و my parents wo n't be pleased with me if i فضلت with جنبهم قاعدة nothing و .. اصلا is what i really want long اصلا actually why لا ان انا go اختارها اختارها
يعني أن wo n't أأخرها أأخرها يعني because i am afraid
هي عارفه , i عارفه that اكيد wo انا هبقي قاعدة لوحدى stay alone و .. و أنها هتبقى be a big responsibility that أنا become مسئول for نفسك and you بقيت longer .. have مسئول يلحقك يلحقك you in any مشكلة but i think that هم wo n't forget me and they will come and بيتهيألى me and أنا هبقى اكيد them اكيد يعني
هو .. actually طول my life عمرى am such بصراحة بصراحة عارفة person as i ببهدل my stuff حاجاتى و حاجات room was never أوضتى حاجات and so on because انا يعني that my mother will keep shouting at me for awhile و تزعق will organize everything
فمرة صحيت got up in الصبح morning and she كانت very جدا جدا that لقينا had too take her المستشفي المستشفي و هو found out that هي was suffering from ضغط pressure so i حسيت أن i made her devote her health واخده that i took her health for granted يعني i used to think أن it 's okay يعنى leave everything مش because تعملها will come and تعملها الحاجة mess
أنا أنا will pretend that أحنا do n't know أيه i realized أنه she was really tired يعني that we عملنلها her problems
فحسيت فحسيت that مانا i .. .. can not أكمل this .. .. this way و ان i يعني أكمل to .. يعني improve myself و .. يعني i can even help her because now we are facing مشكلة problem that she is not بقت نفسيتها مش no i يعني help أساعدها and especially أن i يعني her eldest أخواتى
أه , أكيد father بابايا
i know أن هى أجابة أنا somehow أجابة and معظم people may say منحازة ب really .. actually see him as a very smart and ambitious person
و .. و .. and he is a التعامل man that built نفسه بنفسه بنفسه own .. and he متفتح open-minded as he عاش برا for a long time و .. and i like his طريقته في التفكير and the way طريقته .. he التعامل with people
و .. and يعني even his دايما helps عنده تفكيره تسعين percent right .. actually whenever he speaks about something , he منين ال evidence about حاجة so it مثبتة already مثبتة
and .. and he can يتوقع الخبرة الأحداث based on .. on عنده experience or something else انا انا do n't يعنى
و .. و هو is a ناجح man في شغله work as he ابتدا his company من الصفر و و now he is رقم one في his المجال and .. and his company يعني the كل الشركات بتعمل make أحسن أحسن turnover
he هو a successful مدير و engineer and .. و in addition to this كان .. he كان the champion of مصر in .. ال and he كان the مصر منتخب team coach of اليد
he كاس the award of أحسن أحسن african player
and .. and they خدوا the african بطولة و he received a رياضي medal and .. and عنده received a sport medal from .. من hosny mubarak
فيعنى .. he speaks three more لغات other than arabic
and that 's it to me , فهو يعني a great man
respected of course especially if الناس field is work او something like that
yes what i هستفيد هستفيد بإيه حد that هستفيد بيحبنى ال .. يعني ممكن أحنا .. that for مثلا we , as egyptians , يعني strong مشاعر مثلا شوية
انما هو برا يعني very practical and they do n't have the concept of ناس at work as they evaluate people according to their performance at كويس
maybe for example because مثلا talk بكلم ناس، , for مثلا مثلا بتعامل with الناس in a good way or something so that علشان احترام ليا in ليا
actually i مثلا to be respected و to be الناس مش not because انا dress well ولا because .. actually ممكن for example مثلا مثلا talk to people , for example مثلا بتعامل مع people in a good way or something فهم people respect me back
no جدا it 's لأ سهل that i can tell the story of ماشي حياتى to any ماشي بحكيله in الشارع الشارع يعني
actually لو انا deal .. بتعامل مع somebody أن أنا know ان الخلفية background for example .. his التعليمية background is مثلا مثلا الخلفية التعليمية التعليمية مثلا أه أكيد عايزة انا .. only i ببقي to change my way so as .. .. not to ببقي him
actually of course for example i deal with .. مع somebody يعني .. actually من a lower social اجتماعي يكون أكيد أكيد i want to ببقي y way ممكن order not to .. بفرق let علشان the بفرق
and no i have never .. .. actually .. .. actually .. اكيد عادي if somebody did something wrong to me okay , انا can .. can اتصرف according على what he did and i know عارفة هو way هو like that that 's why عادي am okay هتعامل deal معاه him in the same الطريقة
actually the استخدام of english is that i kept استخدم مثلا conjunctions and .. اه okay
يعيني it 's .. actually it happens .. it يعني like a project أو حاجة for example sometimes مني am مطلوب to do something related مطلوب mechatronics for example someone is working in coding , , someone is working شغال معدات and other one is شغال في إليكترونيات
so فأه مثلا somehow انا يعني not perform some فيها .. أنا i ماحطتش n't understand exactly so فأه actually i will beat بالظبط the هقعد و .. و yes actually هحاول will هحاول to make the الكلام longer until the one in front of me gets bored and يا .. i may وصلت his جايز .. for مثلا اللى may وصلت the كده that هو wants me to اشرحه
لأ no absolutely يعني sometimes لأ get up at night بصحى check the .. ال فوبيا يعني i have .. the phobia of أبص على my mobile to make sure that nobody calls لله الموبايل و هو go back اتغطى انام
it 's not a good thing in عامة و it يعني كويسة to me بتجبلي أيام ابقى i do n't مثلا anything مثلا ف .. i forgot everything and i بسرح using it
and فأه is .. يعني not good احيانا sometimes it causes بيعملى صداع و sometimes i go and اقول my كويس عشانى take my mobile and not to give it back to me , لو somebody is trying to call me , لو do n't want to answer بيكلمني عندى a صداع، , i do n't want عايزاه answer
okay i will persuade you أنه .. it 's better أن تكملوا your تعليم هنا outside برا
يعني maybe for example there are some parents refused يبعدوا let their أهلهم study abroad .. and so on يعني الناس should persuade their أهلهم انه أنا did n't spend all these years بتعلم بتعلم at the end they are asked to يبقى a حدود to their ambitions .
actually i .. .. i should .. .. try و each بنى يكون to have عنده own خبرته experience
يعني for example when someone you know like your جيت for example gives you a negative feedback about عارفة abroad يقوله that people there أنا not كويسين
no you should go and try أنت on your بنفسك to اكتشف how روح هناك not suitable for بنفسك علشانك
you 'll go رايح according بخلفية your background and your specific بتوقعات so you will feel ال .. ان .. ان يعني أنت وصلت your goal and .. و that if it really meets your توقعاتك that you thought of بيها بيها or كنت
so .. actually هو can not remain in مكانه place علشان .. your أهله wanted عايزينه to be كده
بعد that .. هتكتشف هتكتشف هتكتشف that العمر جري و أنت did what هم want و not what you want and .. و at that عايش أنت ممكن تحس that your life is boring and you تقول blame طب for not doing so ده؟ كذا؟ هو that انت you will be old enough that you have no وقت to regret what you did
و your life will be هتكون on روتينية and it will بقت constant و you kept هتفضل أن نفسك should have done كذا and you did n't and this wo n't هيتغير خلاص
أنا was اتولدت in cairo and when i was دخلت the .. الأول stage , i دخلت to .. to a private مدرسة , we كان to فيها arabic و إنجليزي
i فماكنش n't .. ماكتش n't afford to continue learning على a private حكومة اوي هي went هو public schools بعد the preparatory و ثانوي stages
بس definitely i studied everything هي عربي in العادية preparatory and secondary stages
basically انا joined computer science and ال .. التخصص major is all about information أنظمة اللي we use كانت .. بنحلل analyze بيانات و الاسترجاع retrieval و the التخزين and so دية
and why did ليه اخترت computer حاسبات ومعلومات؟ ?
أساسًا من انا بحب اقعد using computers since i was young
but at home they قالولي قالولي انت انت have two choices either i can be a كمبيوتر scientist for example or بتدرس بتدرس يعني i used to love teaching when i was young so او had to حاجة for any of these دولة
my التخرج project بتاعي like a mobile تطبيق كنت i created to simulate the behavior of the google pay و .. و موبايل that is أي pay as برضه
we عايزين تحط نعمل تطبيق شامل application where you تحط كل your الكروت whether they are debit card أو credit card or إئتمان card تبع has to do with a معينة مؤسسة or something و you تستخدمهم تستخدمهم instead of getting them out from your bag بدل you can just use them throughout الموبايل الموبايل
يعني كنا wanted to have الفكرة idea as it 's .. هي يعني there but نجمع wanted to نجمع كل and put it في one مكان only اللي هو not apple آبل، actually آبل pay بتساعد some حاجات and كت n't support وحاجات other احنا e wanted احنا support everything
طيب بتاع my مش طيب is not مختلف from الروتين traditional daily routine that anyone العادية
basically i get up and check my schedule بشوف معاده امتى i get dressed و go to work
مش do n't بجيب حاجة like other people do و this is totally مختلفة from بقيت الناس
that 's بس , و afterwards كده check the التوجيهية that i should تصحيح or the correction or meetings or things of the sort أو if there 's something to work on in البحث , an اجتماعات or so يعني that 's it
اه basically my favorite hobby is بحب بكتشف جديدة موسيقى ان نفسي really بحب songs , so انا فبقعد by myself و open anghami او something to بقى أغاني songs , لو i like بجبها عندي، افتح get it , if not , i will بجبها غيرها غيرها
هقولك will tell هقولك basically when i was young , i used to بسمع to عربي songs rather than إنجليزي، songs , when i كبرت up , بقيت did العكس العكس as i بقيت to english songs rather than arabic العربي
yes i هو a lot الأغاني الأغاني songs
for مثلا michael جاكسون is انا of my favorite but عندي died , و now خلاص أريانا grande is my بس as well and that 's it
حد pop music singers but they should be good
yes it 's been a long time هو i حاضر watched a movie
i will tell هقولك the آخر فيلم دخلته دخلته في السينما cinema was the glass
that was the last movie دخلته دخلته at السينما السينما أساسًا
كان هو about the فكرة of somebody who predicts that some people have تانية potentials such as those who read العقول العقول and those who did something else , he بيجمعهم them في a storyline
and في the النهاية he wanted عايز يدخلهم يعمل المسار same path and he wanted to يدخلهم them in a team كدا he فشل at the يعني
if the idea التجريبية experimental schools هو still there that they هي public schools but at نفس نفس الوقت they teach إنجليزي وعربي arabic , but معظم of كلها subjects are in english , بس would go for such schools
if this النظام اتلغي canceled , because i know أنا they هم بيحاربوه يلغوه and they want to يلغوه بقى بيحاربوه , in this case , i have to بيحاربوه ادخلهم ادخلهم in خاصة مدارس and ال .. the الأساسية language there is إنجليزي and بعد the other اللغة كده عربي
unfortunately للأسف all كل العلوم of science is بقى in english , فهم لو they do n't know it يبحثوا، they wo n't هيعرفوا able يبحثوا، يبحثوا، يبحثوا، and wo n't be able يذاكروا يذاكروا , مش ca ينتجوا ينتجوا anything
بص dream job هو اصلا since i أدرس أدرس
انا كنت كنت love بحب teach when i was young
i used بجيب bring كلهم، my relatives كلهم، let كلهم، sit in front of me و أقعد kept explaining حاجات حاجات to them
if i were n't مدرس، teacher , basically i كان .. would علوم space الفضاء
بس i did n't find مالاقيتوش في مالاقيتوش مصر , and when ولما لاقيته it , i لاقيت حاجة called a الارصاد الفلكية organization و حاجات like that
so they فقالولي me هتقعد i will تستكشف researches on the الجو فقولتلهم i told فقولتلهم that this is not ده طموحي
اكتر wanted to اعمل more من this
بس this is my dream job , it 's مرتبطة related to بعلم الفضاء
بس حاليا وظيفة dream وظيفة is to work في the software engineering ان انا should not only do البرمجيات هندسة البرمجيات مش i also أجمع the متطلبات و check the diagrams for مثلا و to see the user stories and things مثلا that
أساسا انا هو n't ماعملتش any internships انا i would نفسي to but ماكنتش was not اعمل in any حد , انا do n't know انهم مع انهم accepted applicants with مقبول gpas than مني
, الفكرة الفكرة is إن they do n't بيستهدفوا the بس يمكن كانوا بيستهدفوا another تانية
i do n't know what it بصراحة عارف بس .
طيب , now after اشتغلت , do you اكتر working life or الجامعية life لما you were a student و you مسؤوليات no مسؤوليات بس that الجامعية but also you have to تذاكر and so on ?
no definitely i would say الجامعية life لإن basically when i was at university there was في well منظم حلو برنامج
for example , مثلا i was required مثلا مني will هتذاكر one , two , اربعة , اربعة , هتجيب will get the الدرجة، الدرجة، then هتنجح، will succeed and that 's خلصنا
لكن now , i am بعمل العكس opposite , as أنا بأعيد هيكلة الحاجات الحاجات then let الناس follow تمشي and بتنجح succeed by الآخر end
definitely أعمل something من الصفر is more difficult من أتتبع a معمولة جاهزة بكتير .
طيب can you tell تحكيلنا عن the last سفرية that you have سافرتها in egypt and what سفرية influence فيك the most ?
basically i am not the person you mean because i do n't like السفر ومش i بحب بحب بحب a lot التحركات التحركات
actually i am that kind of person أنا loves to settle في a مكان، , أوي do n't like to بيتحرك أوي lot .
but basically it 's been a very long مرة since i آخر traveled , it 's been five سنين since i last كان فيها فاتوا
كنت كنت in the states so .. so what ? فإيه اه what i have seen طبعا was different غير what 's here in مصر كتير
but what influenced فيا there is وسط المدينة هناك as it looked very nice , and there was .. في .. .. كان something like ساحة ساحة where they بقى their الحاجات of wwa that is wrestling و so on and انا بحب this
فكان i hoped to احضر such events
بس بس saw شوفتها من رائع it was wow and الساحة arena was كبيرة
i هقولك هقولك basically actually , هو question هو actually هقولك will say , أساسا i أنا no problem مع egypt as كبلد كبلد . أنا مشكلتي مشكلتي مع .. with العقلية العقلية as not all .. all people are the same or most of بعض الناس that live في egypt , the مشكلة is in their mentality
actually they misunderstand الظن اللي surround them
or احتا we have for example a high level من authority عليك، so you فلازم ماعملتش us و if تعمل did n't do this , هنخش will get into debates او حاجات like that
actually في .. if we removed those bad people و مكانها مكانها with better الناس , i هبقى هبقى جدا
i will هقولك، you هقولك، basically اه and أنا am في حالة state ذهنية mind مثلا that , for example , مثلا قاعد for two .. or three years at الجامعة and i ببحث مثلا و ب .. بذاكر ببحث for example و i حصص tutorials و كده 's it دي this اللي اللي النقطة و so ايه؟ ؟ ايه 's بعده ? would i مش this or not ? همثلا example i can دراسية for a scholarship as dalia كانت me ولا not ?
i فانا في a ذهنية of ذهنية and something like that and i do n't بقى ان انا am فين؟ or هعمل am ايه؟ going to ايه؟ ?
so actually i 'm in a middle of a تحول دلوقت
okay do you feel that this turning point is في شخصيتك؟ شخصيتك؟ ? or شخصيتك personality مابتتغيرش n't change مابتتغيرش you بتغير تفكيرك way of thinking دلوقت what will you do now أيه؟
بتغير هتغير my way of thinking بتاعتى course أكيد it wo n't change my الشخصية , لإن this is not that turning نقطة that will change مش personality a lot no but بس هتغير في state for مثلا it can take me to a أحسن أو a worse مكان , it depends on my thought
ماشي , good when you were a student او a طيب , do you بتحب تشتغل in a team ولا .. و working individually to handle the project و كلها on حاجتك own لوحدك؟
i will هقولك، you , when i was أنا student و i used بشتغل بشتغل لوحدي، , و .. but i مشاكل trust issues
actually i بثق n't بثق حد كده
لمنطقة example أنا أنا عارف that شغله performance at الشغل هو not got أو that he will cause problems , فانا i هشتغل n't هشتغل with him
فانا most of the times فانا بس i كنت بعمل teams for the sake of نعمل الفرق الفرق but في النهاية end i was doing everything كله و we pass الشغل التقييم كان بيعمل explain للناس everyone أيه they should do
at university كمدرس كمدرس ta , if i بشتغل في the التعليمية لوحدي , i بفضل أشتغل أشتغل في الدورة course individually بفضل of طبعا التنظيم so .. so كله يبقي يبقي كله one , so as not to في any التنظيم تواصل or something
and ولو i will work with another ta , it depends on الثقة الثقة , المستوى ليه
فأه فأه فانا لأ example إشتغلت worked مع ناس that i واثق them greatly and i إشتغلت with other ناس هو caused مشاكل
آه احنا there is , but we said قولنا we will not هنقول name so of course فيه 's
no دكاترة هم professors هنا في الجامعة
no , حاجات lot of things . actually انا there 's a specific معجب as انا like بكل أنا does
no يعني the العرض skills that عنده عنده
طريقة way اللي he knows how يوصل deliver the المعلومة المعلومة للناس للناس
فاهم طريقة أسلوب thinking و his logical التفكير عنده؟ do i عنده؟ it ?
محبوب or respected ? okay .. if people هو , they بتحبك بتحبك respect بتحبك في نقطة point .. في point
i أحب to be liked rather than أحب أكتر في الأخر الأخر , if you تحترمني تحترمني , هتعرف هتعرف بتحبني me بشكل ما
okay , do إنت بتحس إن you are an easy شخص تتعامل تتعامل with at the الأول الاأول؟ ولا بياخدوا تتكلم وقت تتكلم break الحاجز ice بينكوا؟
on the contrary , i أنا the one who takes وقت يتأقلم أتأقلم with people , as ما اي can adapt with me أنا i can not أتأقلم with حد at once
okay do you find it بصعوبة to deal مع مستويات من a different اجتماعي level إذا it 's higher أو أعلي؟ ? do بتحتاج بتحتاج تغير تغير your طريقة of speaking كلامك، طريقة اسلوبك in general لما اسلوبك بتتعامل with social levels .. so .. ?
هقولك will هقولك المفروض 's supposed to بيحصل
you 're supposed to بتغير بتاعك spee .. your الحديث على on which level you are talking with whether it 's higher or lower منك منك
بس i do n't know how كده أوي
فده يوقعني may في مشاكل problems
فانا i like أتعامل avoid أتعامل مع حد who is higher or lower مني me
but if i had to do so كده، مني will اعمل those who are بزيادة , لكن sometimes عكسيا backfire me
sometimes كده بقلل that i من شأنه شأنه or حاجة
بالعكس بالعكس contrary , when i اقوله اقوله عليه أو something , he فكده ان i am showing حاجة قصدي but i do n't mean الله at all
i will tell هقولك، , the best trait أبقى have is that i أبقى متعاون متعاون
actually نفسي لو not ماتتغيرش change ماتتغيرش trait فيا أياً actually
لو he بيجدب a liar
أتعامل can not أتعامل with معاه at خالص
بص have never done لكده actually , but as for the بصراحة i like لو i هتكلم في something , i should فاهم في أنا am talking about
لو i حاجة فاهم understand this .. هقولك will tell you ان i do n't understand او i can ask قصدك what you mean
honestly i was not بكل بصراحة موقف , but زي have never been في موقف situation
يعني have عمري .. i أبقى like to أبقى ready and efficient enough
i do بتحط like بتحط be a موقف like that
لو .. لو you .. if you هتشيل remove the التطبيقات عشان أكلم , لكن if i .. i will هستخدمه احتاجه to أكلم to people , maybe فانا need ساعات في مثلا , so فيعني فلأ .
okay as for the اخر سؤال , can you تختار أي you want و تقنعنا تقنعنا of for مثلا .. you can احنا احنا us نسافر نكمل ماجستير 's , ان travel abroad , or not احنا travel abroad , or anything .. anything that you are مقتنع of to let تقنعنا be persuaded
yes sure , أول of all اتولدت was اتولدت in alexandria
i كنت في قومية قومية school until i became in .. in middle الثانوية , so i went to an البريطانية او pre-ig , but بعد that i continued اربع years سنين اربع ig school
after finishing the ig كنت كنت used to بركز بركز on fields like المعلومات و physics or ict لإن في the that وقتها كنت حاطط of أخش تكنولوجيا science or مرتبطة related بمجال بمجال field
after finishing المدرسة، , i روحت to cairo , دخلت the جامعة of القاهرة و i عملت majoring in حاسبات حاسبات as i wished to do this , بس ما كانت definitely هندسة هندسة طبعا there 's not حاسبات ومعلومات في that الجامعة
و now i graduated و بقيت مهندس، مهندس، مهندس، it 's mentioned in دلوقت id that i am a free electrical مهندس and بدرس 'm teaching كمدرس مساعد teaching مساعد معدات courses
غالبا was غالبا english and وعربي، , but there كان بس فرنسي في the beginning
yes my bachelor was عنوانه gamifying physiotherapy وألعاب android wearable وألعاب للمرضى الصغار للمرضى , عنوان كبير long title
أساسا it was about serious ألعاب مع والحاسوب
there were kids اطفال، أو in general there were kids having مشاكل with their العضلات، , إيديهم ca n't يحركوا their hands أو المعصم العضلات، المعصم و so on كلها، so احنا was بنحاول بنحاول نعملهم نعملهم their العلاج exercises بطريقة بطريقة fun and interactive way , gamified
فكان was ملابس smart wearable that بتستشعر the movements of the الطفل
and there هو mainly a game that كانت بتاعتي، , it was اسمها music المطاردون and it 's all about اغنية اغنية and الاغنية تقضل being تقضل as long as he بيعمل the once right movements الصحيحة، أول he made a wrong movement , the song تبقى be paused and he should تبقى doing the غلط، movement so as not يكمل stop the الأغنية
فغالبا mainly ان 's that هو exercises or do his تمرينات الطبيعي exercises
و بدل of going لمعهد a certain لمعهد to يتعالج مستشفيات or something او مثلا في the الأرياف ماعندهمش ماعندهمش do n't مستشفيات hospitals او او take a long time to go to a hospital , so no باستخدام android device و smart wearables enables him to do exercises في البيت
so mainly ده semester هو because .. i عندي a lot of tasks كتيرة the الأولي الأولي so i get فبصحى بدري
يعني i حوالي up at 7 سابعة، or سابعة am
i already live ساكن جنب الجامعة يعني، يعني، in the نفس area المنطقة، فمش i do n't have to بضطر up too early and actually i have my own عربيتي، , فماعنديش i مشكلة أي problem
بصحى get up , بفطر، breakfast , go to الجامعة، and check لو عندي عندي teaching تدريس، i have correction مثلا امتحانات أو اختبارات أو quizzes ، i عندي تحضير المادة للأسابيع للأسابيع أخر للأسابيع
after going اروح، , اصحابي بكلم اصحابي اصحابي to hang نشوف في watch في matches like أبطال دوري for example أو we can play soccer و son then i بقى and that 's يعني
هو في إجازات الجمعة , i like to أقابل my بحب on friday in الجمعة morning until it 's 4 o'clock for example
إن عادة نلعب كورة tradition of كورة soccer بالليل saturday at night في أحد أحد the المدارس، , في في المنطقة
so يعني بس كده عندي do n't يمكن long الترم in this semester عندي i have teaching first يوم بس السبت، so i فبضطر to احضر المحتوى content on friday عشان i have تدريس الجمعة الجمعة الخامسة actually so my يوم in this تدريس الترم فيعني خميس وجمعة friday
actually i have a break on thursday و بعد كده i prepare بحضر، i have first تدريس يعني
somehow
أنا متأكد pretty متأكد it كان english لإن i مابحبش مابحبش the عربي literature
بس do n't remember exactly اخر اخر book كان تقريبا كان أكاديمية، أكاديمية، إيه، أكاديمية، it 's related بالماجستير بالماجستير 's تقريبا أصلا
شوفته آخر فيلم i watched في the cinema كان captain marvel
هيحصل كنت very anticipating to see what 's going to هيحصل في avengers نهاية اللعبة and the المؤدية المؤدية of اللعبة، end اللعبة، , so i went to watch it at فدخلت الفيلم
اي actually expectations مقارنة بالواقع، بالواقع، هو movie ماكنش n't كده
بس now actually he completed the الناقص part of the مارفل السينمائي universe
maybe because أنا هو in the ig in an international , هدعم definitely هدعم the international التعليم الدولي
مع the governments بتحصل making improvements
but برضه i believe إن هم are my أولادي as they are supposed to receive the أحسن تعليم provided من الدولية المؤسسات و دولي دولي
i will هقولك، you , أساسا اصلا , هو first thing for مثلا اصلا أبقى became مدرس اللي مساعد؟
أعمل wanted to complete الماجستير master الماجستير و also في the same time انا want اشتغل اشتغل في في industry
so actually فانا بحلم الهدف or my dream job is to travel abroad , and أنا go أروح واحدة of the tag الأماكن في usa
أبقى used بشتغل travel هناك، هناك، هناك، وفي the نفس time , i wanted to work في حاجة research والتطوير والتطوير
the r and d the parts that develop and بتاعتهم، things , يعملوا do يعملوا behind التطبيقات التطبيقات and the software و the المعدات and so كله
بس يعني i 'm dreaming of أوصل a master 's in egypt and دكتوراه phd مصر , i do n't ماشتغلش in the academic field as التدريس teaching would يبقى تركيزي الأساسي دوري أو my main role الأساسي، but to أبقى in industry والتطوير البحث and والتطوير
هو كتدريبات or كطالب a student أنا i used to work in شركتين companies تلات شهور شهور
شهر، اشتغلت for a month in the أول شركة شهر، i worked for two months in the second company
both companies حاجة nothing to do with تطوير , they were just it , technical support or maintenance
it was a حلوة تجربة as i did n't بدرسها بدرسها at university الجامعة، but هي we have شغل and people are interested in دي
after ما , بعد i had خلصت التدريبات internships , بقيت بقيت مدرس مساعد
يعني الناس كانت surprised especially my friends as i did n't really بحب hardware courses and actually أنا 'm not into hardware صحابي اللي the two courses that i teach هم مناهج courses because for me hardware is actually easy teaching-wise .. أو أنا بلاقي it سهولة i mean
maybe it 's not the best حاجة او مش most حاجة أمتع thing حاجة، بس بعد i تدريس the المعدات courses no i felt that هم are حلوة أو i 'm مهتم مهتم them , although my master 's بتاعي not معدات، , و actually عمري will not ما focus على mastering أوالدكتوراة أمتع in hardware
because طبعا اصلا it 's full of تفاصيل lot فنية technical details و i اشطر not the cleverest واحد in physics و so كلها
but no actually i am مبسوط and انا مشكلة no problem
كل my colleagues في المكتب المكتب and كل the tas ده that they wished to be مدرسين again studying و so on is better من working as مساعدين
i أنا the only one who بقول no لأ، working as tas is the أحسن , it 's not أحسن best كمدرس كمدرس a ta بس the أحسن thing is أن انا do n't study , انا انا n't have final امتحان and عندي should study for it اذاكرله، ماعنديش do n't مشاريع، مشاريع، , لأ maybe ال لأ يمكن .. a شوية bit flexible
إنما as for أنا i بذاكر a certain course to هدرسه، it هدرسه، بس no بكتير see that working الحياة is better than being a طالب
no i have never traveled مصر
جوا مصر؟ مصر؟ a place عاجبني؟ i عاجبني؟ عاجبني؟
يعني technically أوي am not .. مش .. not into مصر، that much , but at that time لما انا كنت عايش في اسكندرية، , what i really liked was لما i went to cairo و saw the egyptian المتحف والآثار والآثار pharaonic monuments and so on
بالنسبالي me كإسكندرية as a ساحلية، city , as we used to متعودين ع the beach و حتى الساحل الشمالي coast و so on , كله، like كله، , و حتى الكلام monuments there كانت more أكتر roman روماني، like رومانية and greek monuments
فلما i saw شوفت origin of the pharaonic civilization such as the الأهرامات و الكلام sphinx and so on , no يعني i حاسيت إن مصر has a كبير heritage
شوية was somehow شوية
as i told في the beginning إن أنا dream is to اطلع to أوروبا امريكا، أو the us , i اوصل my phd degree الكبيرة، and بعد بعد كده will work هناك and استقر في واحدة of the التكنولوجيا giants , so اصلا فطبعا هقبله i 'll accept هقبله
غالبا , when i participated in طلابية أنشطة at الجامعة especially my آخر سنتين years
no my way تفكيري تفكيري started to يتغير
the الناس كانت مختلفة، مختلفة، بدأوا started يشكلوا shape يعني the new الأصدقاء اللي i made أو the الجديدة الصداقات اللي كنت i used بعملها بعملها بعملها i بدأت to .. to shape and it influenced me خاصة مثلا i see my هم for example say what they want to do when يكبروا يكبروا up
فلأ فحاسيت felt that i ممكن اغير my vision في الحياة
بس no actually بس was determined أنا أنا كنت at school أخش أخش computer science ومعلومات، و أنا دخلت حاسبات science
maybe في the آخر كام years أبقى كنت to be مدرس بس بس not because حلوة، حاجة مساعد حلوة، but because i want دكتوراة master ماجستير واكمل أعمل want to make عايز وعايز to continue this الطريق
فاللي i هو حاجات i wanted in my life so اتحققت 's اتحققت . فلأ i feel فحاسس actually that الحاجات ambitions that أنا have already wished are بتحقق بتحقق
it depends on the المشروعات
يعني for مثلا the game for instance كنت i قولت my partner أنا إنا هعمل do كلها all للشريك my own
it was شيق جدا
it was yugi-oh و i كنت بحب love يوغي from ذكريات childhood memories
i فقولتله فقولتله that إنت do n't need his help جنب، that أنا هعمل هعمل on the كله المشروع لوحدي my own
thank لله i got a plus في الأخر end and قفلنا finalized حاجة
لا كان .. it was a good project honestly
إن that كانت a type of المشاريع i like to work لوحدي لوحدي
there are some مهام مشروعات لأ نقسم should نقسم المهام مهام as each واحد تبقى be responsible بتاعته، بتاعته، tasks and so on because they تبقى projects mega projects big مشروعات
محتاجة محتاجة multiple people يشتغلوا work on
it 's a صعب question صعب الصراحة
basically لما a person feels down , does he actually say it 's okay i do n't care about في الدرجة كام it 's five percent , عشرة في , percent خمستاشر percent من المشروع؟ the المشروع المشروع؟
فيعني actually it مش عادي what 's مهم لو what درجة we will يعني
بس no by في end يعني as كتحفيز، , we kept نشتغل على the المشروع مثلا example before it نتفرج نتفرج بنجهز and watched a match for example مثلا، actually there motivational نتفرج حاجات يحفزونا get us في حماسية
we can have a break for some time without نشتغل on على المشروع مثلا، we نخش to السينما، السينما، , يعني
لأ i do n't have for مثلا .. i do n't have a role أعلى في all fields , i يعني only واحد
بس no i have a role يس في a specific مجال that i want to achieve a goal that مثلا has already achieved
for example كمثال example في it comes to التكنولوجيا , steve بتاعي هو my role model for example
في it comes to soccer actually i prefer for example somebody مثلا أبو trika أو mohamed صلاح كمثل role عليا
ماعنديش i do n't have the المحدد المثل model المحدد general
محبوب ولا تحترمك؟ ?
أعتقد أعتقد respected
why ?
عشان actually لو people بتحترمك بتحترمك فهي eventually هي .. يعني هيحبوك you
بس بس at في الأول they fear so they respect بيحترموك for example or maybe they يعني مثلا أو حاجة
but after that كده، أول they get بتعامله know you better اكتر، خاصة إن إنت بتعامله him باحترام respect and so on , فممكن maybe eventually you تبقوا بتحبوا each other او there يعني be likelihood or whatever
no it 's عادي أي مشكلة no problem at all أصلا، يعني أتعرف love بحب أتعرف كمان know الناس actually يعني، i am جدا sociable in للجزء ده
no actually فلأ مثلا they can يتعرفوا to يتعرفوا عليا في a أسرع short وقت actually
i مش n't .. مش n't أتعرف time أتعرف get خالص على people
social مستوى as في إيه يعني؟ يعني؟
as an كتعليم actually اكيد فمثلا for example in general if أنا speak بتبديل بتبديل لغات، , ب .. ب .. بتكلم switch from عربي لإنجليزي لإنجليزي مثلا مثلا a lot of my speech , no for example أكيد choose for example لو i am في a taxi or any transportation مواصلات of course i wo n't speak with him في english in .. such context
فبضطر إن had to speak ب .. terminologies that هو يفهمها
إن أنا dreamy و i like to اتخيل how my future will look like
if قدامه does n't بيحترم قدامه الناس or بيقعد keeps bullying them
و things الجو ده
i have أي تسليم حاجة محدد مثلا and i have n't even started حاجة
دي .. this غالبا بتبقى stress
but they هي n't deadlines projects and so on , no they are deadlines in my حياتي in general عامة، for مثلا for example مثلا مثلا submitting your military المشروعات documents التجنيد، ورق الحاجات الحاجات that are مستقبلي important to التجنيد، future and الحاجات ينهار lose everything ممكن you do n't ينهار عليها
ممكن أبقى became stressed over مقابلة عرض for مثلا شغل أو مقابلة or work , and so on as مساري career , my life هو مثلا passing this المقابلة or العرض العرض , so no i هو مضغوط
بس if أنا أنا مستعد لو it 's كويس فعادي stress will go بيروح
i kept كنت you about the functions of الأنود الأنود و cathode
it could be .. لأ i did do this in العرض لمشروع كده
الندوة seminar لأ ممكن even the seminar العرض حتي as its topics included مصطلحات that we did n't understand such terminologies
لإن in الندوة الندوة , he gave بيديكوا أبحاث to تقروها and تعرضوها تعرضوها أبحاث الأبحاث
so you هي n't understand it فاهمها، you just بتقولها as it is with فاهمها، terminology and that 's it actually
بس لأ، لأ، but actually في probably no i did n't use ماواجهتش .. words before عشان i did n't understand
i never had something like دي
لأ
دلوقت basically الموبايل mobile is now متصلة متصلة everything either بيه has اجتماعية، شبكة اجتماعية، دردشة، الكلام الكلام , دردشة، , and so كله
of course some كله، are بتحاول to get away عن the الموبايل و so on كله، but no i feel إن my حياتي is related مرتبطة it as i لازم check لأ example أحدث حاسس الأخبار عندي، i اشوف مثلا example instagram انستاجرام، check تويتر، تويتر، أشوف الأخبار news
حتى for example اكلم want to اكلم somebody مثلا example even phone call تليفون مكالمة necessarily to be texting
فلأ فلأ الموبايل mobile should تبقى essential for كل individual in في العالم
you remind me of black السوداء
ففنياً ففنياً the حلقات of black حلقات بتناقش أن can technology تخطئ تخطئ
فماشي هي yes للتواصل the situation was أحسن better بكتير، , الناس sit وجها لوجه face و تتكلم، تتكلم، تتكلم، دلوقت الناس can just send texts و even حاجات messages
but eventually now you can تكلمي to somebody in another country , somebody في another continent , it becomes much ممكن تكلمي talk with him instead of traveling , so مثلا makes فهو بيقرب
بس definitely actually هو 's like سلاح سلاح ذو two edges , هو it ممكن be وحش، وحش، or ممكن ممكن يكون حلو ، but i see that المميزات advantages are أكتر من العيوب المميزات العيوب
no it ده .. دي 's difficult to persuade you to ..
should أقنعكوا persuade you بحاجة؟ بحاجة؟ بحاجة؟ بحاجة؟
okay
طبعا actually last year there كان so many people asking us إيه 's الأنظمة importance of الأنظمة الأنظمة دورة in our حياتنا؟ ?
and we as dmet خاصة met why do we study معدات in such level تي، ده، and إن we implement wiring parts ?
و أصلا people بتكره بتكره التوصيلات التوصيلات من مشروع كهربائية 2 to دواير دي
and ليه do ليه بنتعامل with hardware ?
أحب أحب أقولكوا tell أقولكوا people that those who are in ميكاترونكس بيحلموا to take this جماعة المدمجة course
إنتوا إنتوا take course دورة ميكاترونكس department do n't بياخدوه
while mechatronics have to take a diploma دبلومة be يعدوا to pass the الاختبار
زي you have like fifty , sixty , ستين، percent من الاختبار، المحتوى of المحتوى الاختبار، الاختبار، there 's غير one small part missing
so فيعني you could be مهندسين engineers و to تعملوا money and be rich
i was born في cairo
و lived هنا في مصر لحد i was in سنة six i went في .. مدرسة
كنت كنت to a مدرسة في eltayran شارع
i ساكن in نصر، city نصر، في عباس elaakad
i خلصت there لحد i was in grade six
بعد grade 6 i traveled to الإمارات
i used كنت stay in .. in el ain
i كنت في an american مدرسة
و graduated في two الفين and fifteen
و i joined this university engineering mechatronics
why did i اخترت ميكاترونكس؟ ?
انا انا حابب working in the المجال الصناعة الصناعة
and في the نفس time i hate theoretical materials
دايما يبقى like practical work
and i هقنعك هقنعك هقنعك by في end
تمام
بس
as انا قولتلك you تبقى بحب تبقى عملية
في the الأول كنا كنا to بناخد the materials of physics ، math , and كيميا that we used to study بتاعة the ثانوية secondary
but they were n't the افضل for حاجة
مابنتدش did n't start to احب the .. the التخصص نفسه as mechatronics except مع الترم الخامس maybe
because انا كنت to بذاكرها what بذاكرها was بقى in physics and رياضة and i ابتديت to see اشوفها
i started to see اشوفها، , i يعني that i started to apply what i بإيدي
my التخرج مشروع mainly focused on the field that we did n't study في university بالذات انما 's optics
and البصريات optics in ال .. the coming , actually the sensors that we are بنستعملها now are no longer the حاجة
بس بتاعي project عبارة about عن sensors بترصد monitor cancer cells
i get up at الساعة am
exactly an ساعة and اركب take الباص اركب at 7 o'clock سبعة، the الساعة هنا university at سبعة، الا تمانية ربع
بيبدأ day starts from 8 o'clock until 6 o'clock by maximum
no , لأ do n't like reading القراية خالص .
the فيلم life of pi
this قيلم is about an indian ولد
this الهندي boy he كان حديقة حديقة in india , و قرر to immigrate taking with عنده all the animals
كانت immigrated بالسفينة، الهجرة بالسفينة، ship , بس 's it
و when هم were on the ship , the السفينة sank
nothing remained on the ship غير the اللي باي and the tiger
he did n't ماكتشفش that that النمر النمر is عايش until he took a boat بيحاول to ينجو و he لقى النمر النمر طالعله from the المركب
بس، 's it , he was in بس، كلها that الفترة المية، ازاي was بيحاول to survive , how to eat , how to هيشرب، هيشرب، ازاي هي .. , he sailed by boat until he reached للشط shore
that 's it
there 's ب .. no specific singer انا i بحب to اسمعله، to اسمعله، بالعكس the contrary بسمع بسمع بسمع everything
و دايما n't always care about الأغنية lyrics as much as بيفرق care about الرتم الرتم and the الموسيقى نفسها
before انا start thinking of mechatronics , i كان to اخش aeronautical engineering
مشكلتنا our مشكلتنا مشكلتنا ان aeronautical هندسة is found في القاهرة university غير
و حاجة كان صعبة صعبة بالنسبالي me
but the second option بالنسبالي فتاني كانت ميكاترونكس
so as for أحلام dream job , i ادخل to ادخل ميكاترونكس في the ميكاترونكس هندسة الطيران
تمام well و can تحكلينا tell us عن the تدريب that عملتها attended or دوام وظايف بدوام جزئي او part-time عمل that عملتها had when you were at university ?
i وظايف never had any وظايف whether they are بدوام جزئي or full-time
but i attended only واحد تدريب in summer in a عربيات مصنع
that 's بس
it كانت for a month
كنا بنتفرج to watch the assembly line of cars العربيات، the stages of التجميع، the automotive parts التجميع، الدهان stages التجميع، painting
i do n't like anything نظرية
انا have n't started بمتعة enjoy the .. في major ده i ابتديت working on التخرج التخرج
و actually i learned حاجات hundred times مائة than what اتعلمتها learned in the سبع حاجات ترمات
انا كنت عايش live in emirates ف .. regardless عن الإمارات , i have never been في اي else
شرم الشيخ
عجبني عجبني the المناظر فيها، , staying .. at في الفندق without any responsibilities , without anything else حاجة، من 's only مسئولية، برطعة
definitely for me , if i لاقيت that هي wo n't مش any difference اوي that انا 's like قاعد في بلدي، no definitely i will هقعد في my homeland
if الفرق الفرق ملحوظ، ملحوظ، ملحوظ، yes i have no مشكلة ان make this القرار اقعد عادي abroad
on the contrary دي i هتعامل deal معاها، معاها، جديدة ثقافة , ناس people , a تماما، new مختلفة حياة تماما، فأنا i like this
في first as i told قولتلك، , in the first ترم في الجامعة، الجامعة، it was ماشي theoretical for me قولتلك، as we used to solve mathematics معادلات نعمل، انا did n't want this
بس at حاجة same time there were n't anything تانية or تخصص other تخصص will not be related to this في first
كان to استنى افضل best اختيار is to continue و يعني
يعني for كده، , حصلي made a حادثة، حادثة، حادثة، before this , انا was very حادثة متهور بالعربية، but after that , i started to .. to take everything into account before doing اعملها، , and that 's it
the .. ليه group العمل ليه its advantage and الفردي single work has ميزة advantage
in ناس الجماعي work , you collect أفكار من many أفكار . so as a result the probability لأحسن get the best result is big
انما انما لوحدي، هشتغل alone لوحدي، انا ببقى be مطمن about the .. the quality that هشتغل a result of my مني
تنفيذ implementation of the idea نفسها differs
زي we can summarize this in the بإختصار that يعني بيقولك، too .. اللي many ريسين spoil تغرق، broth
my father
بالنسبالي me he مسئولية a very big مسئولية
ماحاستش did n't find من in any تاني، father تاني، بطبيعة يعني
but to me he هو the perfect المثال يعني i do like him
مش do n't mean that i do هو same as عملها، did , no the way هو deals with people الناس، his attitude , his بيه
i like to imitate him
being liked يبقى that i change myself بغير ي .. اعجبه، اعجبه، , and the same اعجبه with التاني other التاني
i هفضل هفضل اتغير لإن انا wo n't هعجب هعجب by everyone مرة once
in order to اعجب اروح by someone ه .. i will change for علشانه، reason , then i هتغير change for اروح sake of the other للتاني
انما to be الناس , i .. i will هو the only one انا، انا، 's بس
so بيبقى حابب me .. should like بيحبني as i am , هو this هي .. is دوة و he will هيتعامل معايا معايا based on this respect , مش wo n't need هيتعامل اغير نفسي for him
اتعامل مش بحب بحب اتعامل with that kind of person who thinks that he is اذكى الدنيا واحد in the world
حد 's not a smartest one in the الدنيا
on بالعكس contrary i بحب to اتعامل مع شخص اللي who accept the other , it ممكن be a كويسة فكرة و at the نفس time , it ممكن be bad
شخصيا , انا ممكن find both good وحاجة bad وحشة
but i بيبقي the one who thinks that انما 's the smartest واحد في the world العالم، because he is very arrogant , في a higher متقدمة he started saying wrong ideas just لمجرد he believes that he نفسه احسن احسن
متهور
احيانا was always كنت متهور in the قراراتي، i made , فعلي sometimes في my متهور
but now i am trying to stop being احد متهور، متهور، و to ان my spontaneous reactions
i kept بفكر before doing anything or taking any action towards فعل
انا ليا have a مختلف taste
and بشكل moody
and مش do مش .. مش n't give الفرصة chance to anyone يتعامل يتعامل with me انا i know that he wo n't like this
إذا انا قعدت with معاه for a period of فترة ايه، نقرى are trying to نقرى one بعض
قرينا understood each بعض we ومشيين on the same track we نبتدي .. started to ابتدي to know عليه more and i ابتدي to اتعامل with him more , و as a result he can get closer to me يعني، يعني، that 's بس
لأ not at all , on بالعكس بالعكس في المجتمع that surrounds me , احنا feel that we are كلنا the نفس level
i have to problem to deal في التعامل
this has to do with university
outside الجامعة اكيد of course you بناس with other تانية
i ممكن اتعامل مع workers عمال، engineers مهندسين، مهندسين، دكاترة، the way اتعامل deal with each شخص differs . so اتعامل should .. see فأنا اتعامل اتعامل with , و اتعامل ابتدي بتعامل بتعامل with him بنفس الاسلوب بنفس الاسلوب
لو انا study و باحفظ، باحفظ، احفظ، memorize memorize for the exam okay what should i do بعد the exam ? مافيش
لما i finish the الامتحان and نفسي عايز that نفسي نسيت مثلا، , like when i wanted مثلا، remember something that i have studied in the previous semester , i could n't افتكرها افتكرها قبل some وقت , فببتدي فببتدي started to مالاقتهاش، that i مضغوط stressed
اللي what ايه is
راح i can راح the الكلام فين، او الحاجة part .. part that انا know عرفها، where فين can found عرفها،
طب later on , who هيقولهالي tell هيقولهالي this or will teach us تاني
طيب .. يعني did it حصل before موقف you كنت in an تقييم في university او any other situation في you were asked a topic that you did n't understand كويس، فإضطريت you فإضطريت تقول تتكلم in english او mention very كبيرة مصطلحات in order ت .. تعدي الاجتماع meeting and that 's all خلاص، and the one in front of قدامك says من you really understand فاهم، so الموضوع؟ الموضوع؟ يخرج pass
لأ , بالعكس بالعكس contrary i am ببقى cautious in such situations even .. even if i am غامض in my speech كلامي، that the one in front of كلامي، اوصله understand صورة what i say يعني if he does n't ماتفهمتش , i will make it more clear for ماتفهمتش ; otherwise it will be هتتفهم غلط
okay if غلط 's الغلط و هتوصل will هتوصل next ?
لا i hate being in such level ، i prefer being واضح and صريح in كل حاجة
or i i want to فيه a certain اوصلها، اوصلها، و reach اوصلها، اوصلها و keep ازيد it و ما تبقي clear
can we live غير a mobile and why موبايل؟ ليه؟
انا like العزلة، العزلة، فانا ممكن، , actually i اعيش live غير a mobile لفترة a certain لفترة of معينة
بس انا i reach اكلم some point that i want to call somebody , عايز want to اكلم something , فلأ no i will هحتاجه it
anything i حاجة
pause
you الموضوع see how this will take ازاي، , يلا 's يلا
ممكن can persuade اقنعك ان ميكاترونكس اهم اهم بكتير من met
because in met أم they بيبرمجوا
or حسب to what i understand they code that 's بس
بالنسبة for لميكاترونكس ميكنزمات و we بنبرمج ، connect electricity و connect mechanisms
so if we نقول ان .. ان تي يعملوا the same tasks of mechatronics , no . but ميكاترونكس يقدروا يعملوا the tasks أم met
so as a result ميكاترونكس is more important
okay ،ماشي okay , what you have كلامك is relatively right but .. i wo n't say ان mechatronics مش not مهمة، مهمة، mechatronics are جدا مهمة ، لإن they have their work but at some point when you code , إنت هتعرف هتعرف تكمله لسقف where you can not continue
بالنسبة for لميكاترونكس , فهو مش n't need the complexity of التعقيد that they use at work or in حاسبات science or met بشكل عام
as انما mechatronics هو the .. الجزء part of بيتعامل is what يستعملها، use , it 's the mostly used part يستعملها، he عارفها عارفها very جدا
مش do محتاج اقصى more
بالعكس، بالعكس، contrary , besides he يعرف كهربا، كهربا، knows mechanics
as for met ، he can sit in front of قدام robot , and just write the code
okay how الكود code reacts ازاي، هيشتغل ازاي works
طب ده it did n't ماشتغلش ?
الكهربا الكهربا مايعرفش connected to it واصلة، and so on كله، مايعرفش can not do يعمله
exactly , اكيد
but بس does n't mean that حاجة حاجة more important من اهم حاجة
okay should i tell سني؟ my سني؟ ?
لأ مش 's مش لازم
i went to قومية français مدرسة وبعد كده دخلت جامعه international university
دخلت دخلت mass communication
that 's why when تخرجت تخرجت من university i came back here تانى
انا انا am working at another جامعة بس is international as well but it has nothing to do with my university مالهاش they have radio راديو department , this department has a channel where i am شغالة at . i am working as شغالة presenter and أنا am معاك معاك أهو
okay , i .. كنت at إعلام إعلام , of course i was at وتلفزيون department of راديو and وتلفزيون .
بعشق like so much something اسمها mic بعشق that 's why i am مبسوطة يعني أن أنت are talking with me بتكلمنى
. my graduation مشروع was about الصور effect of pictures in people 's life .
روحنا have met many مختلفة people , one is صغير aged , other is younger and حد in the mid متوسط , ان , to بتاعتها الخبرة experience we have done many مقابلات وصورنا we took many photos and we started to do something like مقدمة مقدمة in الاول الاول , talking about بتفرق impact of كل صورة on the people 's حياة .
we took photos for those persons who روحنا بيتخرج صورناهم
for those who are playing a game , we think how to بيعمل the photo can leave an important ذكرى on الناس حياتنا life مهمه
that was التخرج التخرج مشروع بتاعى
i was كنت اني it was أبقى dream مذيعة to be مذيعة presenter , until i got the chance and the opportunity to work فى the القناة in فى الجامعة .. أنا اللى which i am بشتغل there till دلوقت .
تمام in الأسبوع أيام الأسبوع باصحى i wake up in the morning , taking my breakfast and then , go to الشغل work . after work , i go to the الشغل الجيم and then see if i مشوار something important to do or not , مش مش , then , i go outside بخرخ spend a time مع my friends صحابى
that is happening وسط the الأسبوع .
فى الشتاء weekend بقى i لازم have a بسافر أسافر و بسافر anywhere even if it هم for two يومين فعلا .. فى winter , i do n't travel anywhere , فيه is only جيم او ارجع out مع اصحابي اصحابي اصحابي
اروح like وبحب and dancing very much أو i like riding horses as well , but , actually it is very rare to يعنى riding اروح a lot يعني
اه , but i do n't read بقرا lot .
بصى , the last كتاب
no , not أخر أخر book , but , we can say that the book which really touched me هو a very different كتاب , it is not related to بزيادة knowledge or ثقافية , it is a كتاب اسمه ناس hebta '' , أوى think you will find حسيت people عرفاه it إن أوى felt it هو a book talking about واقع الحياة .
it هو not أجمد أجمد كتاب , but , it touched me شخصيا .. i am not going to هقولك you a مقولة from this book , but مش i will tell you my favorite المقولة which i usually follow through all my life , it said `` تقدر أنك can وهتلاقي you 're قطعت وهتلاقي الطريق '' .
the story of أخر أخر movie اتفرجت اتفرجت عليه
هو was فى the السينما مثلا it was an عربى ماكانش film actually , not english , it is called `` men 's السري club ''
, tell you ? the story .
okay , in عامة , it was talking that الناس were مختلفة there . my طيب told me to go and watch it إيه because علشان told me الولاد الولاد are very very bad , and look what they are بيعملوا وبصى look , finally the goal of this movie that boys are having their own world .
my personal opinion is رأى البنت البنت تتعامل deal with الشخصى without losing نفسها , and وتخليه الولاد الولاد thinks by another way , and at the same time girls must think ومتكتكة put plans .
very much , i like أغانى to songs very much .
no , لأ like كله، كله، عربي و english , و any type of song , there is n't a certain type of نوع .
i بقى بسمعه طول بسمعه , but , i do n't like to hear this type of songs a lot as it can depress me , do you understand ? فاهمة؟
during the time of الجامعة , كت دخلت at something called .. do you want me to اقول its name ? اقول تمام , there was something related to the stock exchange بس but , i كان responsible for the الإعلام قسم there .
there was another thing , yes , it was a خيرية برضه i كانت ماسكة one responsible for the charity there .
كنا بنساعد بنساعد people من .. من inside the الجامعة , the university بقى to have a دور .
كان فى another thing , it ثانية entertainment , those 3 دول مع , فدي were حاجات كنت liked بعض، . when , i was at المدرسه , كنت كنت n't anything from these مادخلتش
look , i انا here فى the .. في the channel of this university الجامعه i am the مذيعة .
وهى وهى since i اتولدت a اتولدت هو my أصلا وظيفة was to be a presenter ان so , if انا did n't take the chance to بخبط هنا , انا ه .. actually انا كنت برمى anyone about a job , i.e . to have a job .
ده was really .
so , till اه came here , لغاية بلاش، i am بشتغل مع مرتبطة university , but , in another الانترنت channel not مرتبطة بالجامعة the university , so أوى، still more than 1 person يقولى me that it أنا very صعب and it is better to بقى، this وظيفة بقى، but , it is difficult to find another , then , i مصممة على ال .. that 's why here او there برضه will هي my dream job أحلامي
i أخدت taken my تدريب in برلين من a very short time قريب
it كانت something مرتبطة بوسائل the بوسائل media بس but mostly أزياء , قالوا قالوا as i am the مذيعة فأكيد ان of فأكيد أنا will have a background about الموضة و الحاجات دي so فإن i can اساعدها .
it was for two to three weeks تلاتة and returned back .
look , every دى has its own positive بصى , i miss those days . when i was a طالبة i كنت enjoying my life , i بنام sleeping or going outside at any time حياتى، but , now i feel with بضغط stress دلوقت
at the time when i was a student , كنت حاسه feeling with بضغط حاسه but , now i know that الضغط حاجه much ثانيه خالص
you think أنك want تفكرى get old تكبرى، want to be أحسن، , think what أحسن، next step is .
دى دى حلوه و دى 's حلوه , but , of course انا i am in بصراحه good as حلو بصراحه
اه , i سافرت to paris before , but , it was a from a very long time .
سافرت traveled برضه برلين as well , more than 1 time مره
سافرت سافرت to italy ايطاليا
mostly were outings أغلبها
i traveled سافرت malaysia because one of my relatives is from ماليزية , that 's why i فسافرت هناك .
i سافرت to thailand .
كل حاجه بقى its ليها الثقافة , ف , بتاعتها تبقى something good تبقى know مختلفة and new things كل
look , تايلاند اكثر the most different ديانة from us and from كل other culture , because in thailand , الديانة religion is بوزيه , it is a very مختلفه ديانة .
ال .. the food وحش awful .
ماكتش , i did ولا find anything i ماكتش eat there .
they are eating insects و uncooked food نى
in malaysia , it كانت أسيوي little bit أسيوي برضه yes , it was شبهها to شبهها , but in malaysia is a بلد which وفى الناس أجانب and it has everything you need فكل so , فكل has .. ليها the .. ليها known by بتاعتها، country , كل country has its own culture .
طبعا course أوروبا حاجه is something completely different .
احنا are احنا on something completely ثانيه خالص
maybe what makes أسيا يمكن , انك it has many أنشطة like تعوم مع an elephant , ايه anything related to fun .
but , بس أوروبا known by تحضر high urbanization لأ
venice و milano , why ? because .
ليه؟ ليه؟ ليه؟ , venice it is an جدا جدا، country , the فكرة أنك كل way of your transportation is by using something like a صغيرة boat , makes you feel انه everything الدنيا going بزي سهله، خفيفه، and خفيفه، لذيذة، لذيذة، فيها you can feel with a فظيعه شياكة فظيعه
و milano , because it is known by أزياء , and انا adore حاجه called fashion , there is an شياكه في the .. .. ال .. in the .. طريقة of walking , not the way to wear المشى clothes , but , in the way of walking itself .
دى is me , دي is كشخصيتى my personality .
لأ . على الأول هفكر i will think , because it will حسب الوظيفة on الوظيفة job أصلا what it will be this bob , if عايزاها انا something i like or not لأ؟ what is he language اللغه ايه؟
so , if it is مثلا باريس مثلا هاقولك will tell you okay , because i was learning فرنساوي at the school time فرنساوي
بس , ايه؟ , what will برضه the الوظيفة ?
هتبقى i going هتبقى like this job or not ?
is is it good or not ?
هت هت .. is it going to suit me or am i going to اصلا and change مساري الوظيفي ?
all of كلها are going to make a difference معايا me معايا if i كنت هوافق to agree ولا not .
traveled .
not too much as well يعنى
there are many حاجات كتير do أوى ماعرفهاش ماعرفهاش ماعرفهاش
i went before الاقصر الاقصر واسوان واسوان رحت
هتجنن هتجنن to go to دهب و i never went there مارحتهاش
i بقى before to اسكندرية , و all these .. المعروفة places يعني
but , it was too many here كثير egypt . .
and of course i went طبعا fayoum before .
but , i did n't go to many places here القاهرة كتير .
من سنتين years سنتين حصلى حصلى حادثة حادثة big accident .
i فقدت الذاكرة for we can say two or يومين يومين تلاتة
days مافتكرهمش do n't remember at خالص خالص
و الحادثة accident كانت not here in تانيه , it happened فى another محافظه تانيه
, i ca n't remember مافتكرش there تفاصيل كثيره details as well مش ca n't remember وشوفت but , اتحكى heard وشوفت i knew أنا i كان almost near to lose my life in a ثانيه اروح
i قعدت receiving a treatment for اربع months ده i was having many injuries in my body result from this accident .
فى كل حته فى my body .
without غير تفاصيل details .
but بس لما انا knew that i lost الذاكرة and i knew ان it was for two three days حاجة is a short يومين , so , i found فاكرة i am still able to تفصيلة any القديم memories except the details of the الحادثة , that 's why i asked حسيت هو am i feeling upset ايه؟ مافيش يتزعل nothing to make me يتزعل upset عليها
from that time of ساعتها ساعتها التفكير my way of thinking اتغيرت . for example : if there is الزعل نفسه that might annoy فيه , بس انت انا will take الوظيفة decision to think ان مثلا مثلا الزعل deserves to get upset on it or not . the same , if lost عارف الوظيفة مش انا argued مع كده , لأ there are other حاجات حاجات to thin about .
look , both are حلوه , but , sometimes i think if i am going to work مع a team so , i will depend on them , and i may not work , but , لو i am going to work by myself , then , فلو will work more and faster . .
i بفضل encourage and motivate اشجع
i am أكتر the persons who usually gives motivation للناس للناس .
i لازم to encourage وابتدى give motivation وأدى start by أقول ان if we are not going to do x , كذا، كذا، كذا can we do , trying to save ماتقعش is remained خالص
بصى طبعا بصى manager , و if we هنطلع talking about someone outside برا الجامعة , then , it will be of course my بابايا and مامتى طبعا طبعا
طبعا طبعا لإن they are the لإن who are بيشجعونى motivate and encourage me على everything in my life whether بقى job , علاقة or سواء حاجه my الحياة .
they are the most persons who can support me , حتى in الوحش worst situations . .
respected , لإنه if people .. if الناس تحترمني you , they will be already .. already liked from .. من كلها كلها people , but , if لو are محبوبة , then , it is not a condition to محبوبة respected .
you ممكن be محبوبة because of .. لشكلك، look , something good you did , but , not لشخصك your عملتيها انتي
no , لا سهل a little bit easy , انا انا always like to بحب time بحب home .. actually انا am not very sociable مع people .
if it لأ أقل لأ no .
لو اكثر is too much و so , i .. i ببقى مش عارفه n't deal very عارفه شويه
i بحس they هم مختلفين مختلفين
بحس بحس they are in عارفه where i ca n't بيبقى سلوك لإن there is too much عارفه تزييف كثير
look , it هى صفة بحبها بحبها and do مابحبهاش like at فى نفس time in my personality ان that i am very قوى مع الناس people , و that is مش .. good and حلوه بصراحه the same time حلوه
why is ليه حلوة؟ حلوة؟
why is it good حلوة؟ علشان i ca n't leave a حد who needs a help from me without اعملها him/her مابعرفش
i , انا is must be me .. it is not .. اجبار is not something mandatory , but , i like انا اساعد، اساعد، i like اعمل، work اعمل، i like اتكلم، اتكلم، , i like أقف، stand , i like حابة، حابة، حابة، but , at نفس نفس time , there هي a نقطة ان جاية where i feel that عليكي قوي on myself .
مانت are طيبه , so , there is no problem if we يعنى مشكله on عليها .
الكدب .
sometimes ببقى feel i am باردة . .
something غريبة؟ ?
look , there is عندي عندي حاجه do , but بعملها is غريبة غريبة شوية , for example : if i bought any earring , whatever it is , there is right اي و left حلق، حلق، so , ماحصلتش have to wear the right البسها in the right side , و ناحية left piece فى اليمين right اليمين , ففي it must be ترجع , and لو this not happened , then , ماحصلتش will بتحصل كارثة of الزمن big problems .
لو i knew that اللي person who is talking in front of me هو lying , so انا this .. this بتوترني me and i feel that i ca n't اثبت the العكس .
بمثل .
اه , i usually do this .
و usually interfere مواضيع مواضيع together to بعض my qualifications , أن i عندى كذا , كذا , z كذا
بص , if i am حد with a قريب person , بيبقى , she will عارف أن i am بحور her fake things بس but , if i talked with someone not close to بيكمل , she would get impressed with مش way in حاسس , and that الهوا not طبعا . .
no , استحالة استحالة
كلها my حياتي depends on it .
i have whatsapp and انستجرام , اصلا all my work is on عليه
i بستخدم الانستجرام و التواصل media in عامة لشغلي أنا لشغلي , so فانا mobile طول هو كل حياتي life .
okay . i تسيبوا convince you to تسيبوا مذيعين shift and تبقوا presenters .
why to be presenters ? جيت now انت if i am going to do معايا interview دلوقت did n't think for example i هعمل doing this مقابلة with عملت , is she مذيعة، مذيعة، or not , و بعدين؟ what ?
لأ .
فانا , i see that while doing an interview جيت نفسك جيت you put حطيت شايفة ثقة in yourself فظيعه
arranged رتبت questions .
عملت did a نص or انتوا of you عملتوا a very good script .
you talked بطريقه a very منظمة way تثبتوا تثبتوا اتكلمتوا as presenters .
فده , فده makes me see ان the question was arranged , everything was going organized مظبوط، and النص script itself كان prepared متتحضر، actually كلها الأفكار الأفكار متتحضر، ready .
فده , this makes me feel اقول that you can يبقوا presenters .
فانتوا فانتوا this can ممكن تلاقوا ask yourselves أن أنا am أنا not ماشتغلش a مذيع؟ ?
i نجحت in .. .. في ال .. in the thing i am doing ده and in asking her the باعمله انا انا ردت تبقوا all the حاجة , and we did n't feel that ردت lost , but on the other hand ازاي found that everything مش going smoothly and arranged , and that of course تبقوا let you feel مذيعين ثقة to become مذيعين .
it خالص not مش to بالشهادة بالشهادة at all خالص
انا , i am a masscom graduate بس but all .. half the نص of the people .. نص the نص of people who بتشتغل in this المجال
the talent و ثقة ثقة .
لو you felt with a high ثقة ثقة , then , this will help تبقى let you تبقى مذيع presenter . كمان
أنا am from alexandria أسكندرية
my background is i أنا at قومية school , إنجليزي only .
i دخلت دخلت the university .. faculty of engineering , i already took the decision to go to the faculty هندسة هندسة .
in the beginning , i بفكر بفكر decision أن اخش اخش mechatronics and then i took the قررت to switch to أغير department أغير
by studying حبيت i liked computer engineering عموما general , computer حاسبات as ومعلومات بالذات specific بالذات
فغيرت , i shifted .. i غيرت the التخصص , و i decided to study حاسبات حاسبات و بعدين on , أنا decided to غيرت التخصص major once again أن i decided to change and حبيت جوه حاجات حاجات حاسبات حاسبات , لإني i liked to study these subjects .
that 's it .. that happened at the 2nd year .. القرار decision .. انا took the decision from the 2nd year في الجامعة , but actually بعد حاسيت first term i felt انا need to change and shift to another section ان
what are we studying in حاسبات science ومعلومات؟
okay . هو is أساساً programming و then we ليها studied نظرية حاجات علاقة بالكمبيوتر computer وبرمجة بالكمبيوتر programming . and then , حاجات studied things related to signals audio الفيديو processing and الصور معالجة .
ده غالبا اللي is what we have taken and studied or we can say كنت is what على least i enjoyed or مهتم بيه مهتم .
moreover , there were courses about دورة بناخدها , but , i did n't enjoy or care studying it أوى
my bachelor مشروع was التفاعل على hci and معالجة التعلم و image الكمبيوتر all بين . it كان a facial مشاعر recognition , and it was n't here في egypt , it was في a الجامعة in ألمانيا برة في شتوتغارت .
و have أشتغلت on المشروع project , doing research for 3 months and تنفيذ for another شهور شهور and that 's it .
ده .. ده 's what i remember عن my المشروع .
and by the end of this نتائج طلعنا طلعنا got المشروع only .
oh later on قررت i قررت to أكمل my ماجستير and do ماجستير as long أني i حبيت the الأكاديمي المجال بما i liked doing research و قراية papers .. عموما عموما , البحث يعني even more important than من idea of التدريس itself .
حبيت حسيت the الأكاديمي المجال very much أنه i felt with the creativity , and everyday i read and بنشوف new حاجات و i can اغير the field easily , بعمل doing any modularity حاجة .
الروتين daily اليومي , when i wake up in the morning , i take a shower و go باخد الشغل work , except at الأجازات الأجازات طبعا so , ال .. باروح to الشغل الشغل عادى
if عندي had time , i would drink coffee , and ببدأ start الشغل work , if not , وقت , i ببدأ الشغل work and during a free time i أجيب القهوة coffee .
but , it is a must to have a coffee in the first ساعتين hours of my life and then continue my شغل , and بعديها on after 4 أو خمس hours i have القهوة as well .
so .. we can say that القهوة هي from اللي حوالين things at my الشغل .. because it helps me يعنى continue working .
بس , sometimes اي do n't take my breakfast . breakfast is not a جزء من الروتين الروتين routine بتاعي من الروتين الروتين , once i woke up أن it is حاجة لازم to listen to songs , and these songs affect me positively while شغال or not ودني
بتساعدني always listen الأغاني songs , .. songs help me to صاحى . listening الأغاني songs help me بسمع بركز احسن احسن and في me to feel بتريح .
بس 's my daily ال .. my routine depends mainly on coffee و الموسيقى .
بسمع بسمع more to عربي الأغاني because i like old arabic القديمة .. .. i listen to any singer , so , أقولك ca n't tell أقولك a specific one whom i listen to .
i can اقول you a مش , but , هو ca n't say that this is بسمع only الشخص whom i listen to his songs only and all the time , i like to hear many بس .. but mostly , i listen to arabic الوقت و شرقي موسيقى . لو i got فرصة فرصة أن attend an شرقى musical حاجات , i would n't miss this chance and go immediately .
in the الأسبوع , i return back لأهلي my لأهلي in أسكندرية , as i am .. مش مش not from cairo .
مقضيه whole day i ببقى مع my أصحابي لأخره، at واحد of our friend 's home .
i spend all the اليوم and return back home late at night مابرجعش
i spend كله the saturday مع my family و mainly في كل saturday there are football games , so على saturday و فبتفرج football بقعد and spend الأساس day with my family .
أه , it is موجود in my يومي , but , it is not كل يوم , at least i read روايات book في a month , و most of the books i read بتبقى novels whether arabic أو إنجليزي , there يعني nothing specific . also , بما اني كمان writing , so , reading is very important بالنسبالي me .
لأ لأ انا do n't read الكتب to .. i mean , for me الكتب help me to أخد experiences more than taking a specific quote و what attracts me هي the القصة نفسها , not a certain quote , لكن اللي do n't concentrate on قصص مقولة while قرتها a book .
ممكن ممكن أقتباس أن writing may help me to بتحسن my way in writing أسلوبي لكن , this does n't mean أخد ( quotation ) any specific part from حاجة book i قرتها يعنى .
تمام . there is a book i have read من few months ago , مش هو not the last book i read , but it is .. it يعني من the الكتب that المؤثرة me , it is a book for tawfik el الحكيم الكهف أسمه `` people أسمه الكهف cave '' .
هو is talking about the story of the `` people of the cave '' موجودة موجودة almost mentioned في كل الأديان بس but , الفكرة idea that he wrote بيحكيها بشكل a مختلف way .
هو تخيل الشخصيات الشخصيات الموجودة the story as if كشخصيات are real حقيقية we know أو they are existing في this era . he بدأ to imagine if those persons دول up و started to see things علاقة to بالواقع real world they were already exist in من مئات or مئات years السنين .. i بس n't remember الفكرة عدد of years .. و the idea is how those الناس are أزاي to بيتعاملوا في the 2 العصرين .
because those الناس are بيحاولوا to يتفاعلوا و حسب to the values they knew , بيحاولوا found everything changed and القيم مجتمع itself changed .. although this الجديد society is the one they hoped to live in , but they found themselves بس ده لا adapt and there is a الصراع فيه جواهم between this is the المجتمع they wished يتأقلموا live in before و their disability يتأقلموا adapt this new situation الإنساني مع they woke up young ش .. without any خالص .
في is a movie called the perks أن being a أسمه خجولا خجولا
the movie is good , because it is talking قصة unsocial ( أنطوائي ) شخص عنده is المشاكل from بعض psychological المشاكل النفسية
but , the main idea , i do n't care to watch قصص talking about بشوف الناس الأنطوائية
غالبا because .. they mainly focus on stories زيادة about social problems more than stories talking about introvert ( unsocial ) الناس .
the character in the movie كان عنده from a مشكلة problem during his high school , and أزاي أزاي showed us how this person started to بيتعامل with the situation .. القصة story itself فيها many تفاصيل .
but , لإنه كان a good الفيلم , and its story هو written في a book , and أوي read الكتاب book بعد watched شوفت movie .
musician .
ليا يعني الموسيقى .
i بعزف music بسيط little , هي الفكرة idea is أنا like composing و .. و يعني as well , but أنا am لا متأكد هل الغنا likes بحبه as well or not , but على الأقل .. الحاجات other things , أه .
so , .. yes , هي المشكلة المشكلة is , ده needs كبير and وقت very long time أوي أن المشكلة we ca n't ناخد بعضيها the الحاجات together بعضيها
okay , مرة before i عملت تدريب at .. في petroleum company in صحراء صحراء في hurghada في الجبال الجبال و it was شىء a little bit غريب شوية لإن هو كان something like معسكر معسكر .
الناس there عايشين like that , هم هناك for 2 to أسبوعين أسبوعين and then , وبعدين to أسبوعين أسبوعين at مكانهم مكانهم as a كأجازة .
تجربة كانت عبارة experience ان أنا was .. i was living عايش by myself , and actually that does شىء matter معايا لوحدي , to accept the idea أن أنك am living alone in a مكان الخارجى from any other العالم . you are عايشة عن a very little العالم , and that هو .. that 's all you تعرفيه عن المكان المكان you شغالة working فيه , and it كان شىء little bit weird .
it is not a must أتعلمت learn أتعلمت حاجة , أتعلمت might learn skills like technical مهارات أنا i do n't know how to rate أتعلمت experience , but all أنا am أتأكدت about is عمري هابقى not going أتأكدت live بهذا life فقررت so , أتأكدت took the عمري to not هشتغل by this .. by this way or routine , i.e . a place of work و at the same time the place to take a vacation .
maybe it is أظن life لإن أنا was a student , because أنا ماكنتش n't بحس with المذاكرة بالضغط بتاع المذاكرة و projects .
pressure is not affecting me a lot شوية
so .. أياميها , أنا did n't have responsibilities مسئوليات nowadays , i am responsible on نفسي دلوقت يعني نفسي am عايش عن by myself , but , before , the المسئوليات بس not too much like today .
before , i was having the idea أن for example : أعمل am not مضطر to do x now أعمل i can do it later , but , now the situation is different مسئولية انا ca n't do this and delay doing something , because actually أعمل have حاجات حاجات must be done ورايا
i mean أنا أنا to أحضر الدرس tutorial .. before , لو أنا did n't study , ده , it would affect me by not getting high grades , لكن nowadays , i have to اخش it because my conscience will not allow me to teach الدرس tutorial without being محضر محضر , أو أن wake أصحى or whatever .
يعني , anyway , there is a pressure on me regarding قواعد أنا have to do and rules لازم have to انفذ , although الرغم و was a طالب , there were rules , but , it was not مش لازم .
so ان أعتقد think the .. the student life was less pressure لكن انا مش n't هقول that أنا am feeling upset now .
مش am not مضايق upset , أوي at the same time the point of بيفرق pressure does n't make a difference with me .. بس بس think هي كانت أريح يعنى for me .
أه , i traveled for 6 months to do my الماجستير مشروع .
no , قول me the ثاني قول .
أوى . تمام الفرق يعني in the تجربة تجربة السفر , the فكرة أن i am عايش هناك by myself does n't matter for me , بس على الأقل انا أتعلمت how أتعلمت cook by انا أطبخ
i was n't cooking here .
مع i am living alone by myself , but , ب .. making order أكل عادى أكل عادى
there , i أتعلمت how to cook لمجرد أن there was a أزيد في time than here .
ف .. .. this was one من the experiences .
there أتعلمت something else حاجات but it is something شخصية , the point is how أتاقلم أتعلمت أتاقلم لأني alone في a مكان without knowing many فيه .
مثلا , for مثلا .. ان point ممكن know عارف who تكون close قريبة you ناس while السفر الموضوع الموضوع مختلف شوية، , people بتتغير في they السفر and go anywhere else .
و التجربة التجربة is not only في الماجستير , but also in التخرج and the master الماجستير
i think it هو the نفس الفكرة , we are not very بعاد .
يعني الناس متغيرة جدا متغيرة , i mean you may find حد does something different عكس اللي he is doing here , and العكس العكس , so , i have seen all the types of people ده
ف .. that was تعاملي personal خبرة أن i يعني many أشياء in my الناس , for example not to expect متوقعة lot of متوقعة التوقع , because كده found people تبقى تبقى after being far away and traveled . i ففهمت that .. whatever happens is حسب to the الظروف .
actually there are many places i كتير there . there is a place في switzerland called rhine falls , it is a شلالات falls of الراين river called rhine , and بالنسبالي me هي يعنى a very حلو مكان يعنى
i كنت بروح .. i بروحها بروحها there بروح lot كتير
هي is not very قريبة to me كده، but .. in many times أني decided to أخد a day أروح just لمجرد أقعد go there and enjoy the الطبيعية views there هناك، to أتفرج أتفرج حلوة .
اه , if i got the chance .
i عندي عروض عروض أصلا
او أعتقد أن أنا أعتقد هسافر برة i .. am convinced with الخبرة experience found there , it is أحسن .
it is not السفر فكرة of just traveling , but it is the point أن anything أحسن need موجود better there .
so , it will be faster , أسرع idea is .. not اسرع كفاءة faster and more كفاءة .
أكبر biggest تحول point in أني life قررت أن انا took the decision to leave my family في الاسكندرية , and came here to cairo and live by myself to study in الاسكندرية جامعة , so , أعتقد think this is a big قرار أجي took , and all حياتي حياتي أتغيرت after القرار القرار and عموما all my relations بتاعتي كل بتاعتي friends changed , i.e . all حياتي حياتي أتغير .
خلاني made me مستقل person خالص، until أني reached عكس point where i ca n't be dependent anymore كنت
and i ca n't live with ناس , i get used على live alone by myself , so , it is not the easiest thing for me حاجة
أعتقد think there are other things i liked as well , و i did n't know before أن i بحبها it i had فاضي time so , i أكتشفت to try these new فجربتها فأقتنعت finally عندي أكتشفت أني i فأقتنعت بحبها بحبها .
all my life طول was with my البيت، دايما so , the فكرة to try something new was أقل to be done , but , now i am في free البيت، i can go أي وقت and return في أي مكان , أن أنا do n't have to اعمل something في معين time .
كنت liked بحب اشتغل in فريق , even if الفرق teams are not going to هيعملوا or do anything ان for me انا is مهم to work في group because get bored if انا أشتغل alone .
but , ببقى دايما usually keen to know everything , and the role of everyone .. .. because of التفاصيل details .. because the point is , as we أحنا working in a group , أن نبقى have to يبقى all الشغل work together , so , everyone يبقى be updated .. يبلغ to be able to complete الشغل الشغل ندمج ندمج الحاجة things together مع each other .
فكنت , i فكنت بحب بحب in الفرق however .. however i مابضايقش n't get upset أن أنا am going to work alone , but i بفضل to أشتغل in الفرق .
للأسف , لأ لأ
يعني feel أن كل of us has good things and bad حاجات , so , فلما i found someone does something good في so , انا would try to do like this person , و if أنا did something wrong , so , أحاول أحاول not neglect اعملها and not follow him doing this ,
but .. .. but في i ca n't choose someone to be my role model , لأنه of course أني person مثل not an المجمل أعلى و not doing any غلطات or wrong things كلنا we are humans by the end .
i هجاوب answer أجابة 'd rather be respected من كل people , because i feel مقتنع by الناس .
liked , i أبقى to أبقى محبوب من the people around me أن عموما عموما , i try to تحترمني الناس تحترمني me , i do n't make a fool of myself , i بحاول try أحافظ أحافظ my dignity .
but , for the people القريبة are close to me , مني do n't want them to feel with my حاسين بوقاري or whatever , بيتعاملوا are بيتعاملوا with me already على a الشخصي level .
we are dealing مع anyone , like .. زي أهلي family .
with مش family , i do n't يبقى with the درجة of احترام على me في respect , but , the most important is love , i مش n't mean liking , but , the point of love itself ..
no , محتاجين will need وقت , because i am not a أجتماعي شخص with the persons whom i do n't know before .
so انا i .. i am the type انا persons who بيقعد at a الزاوية by myself without يتكلم with persons i بقى for the أول مرة , اوي if there are many people , then اوي يشارك عادي to talk and بقى مع them .
but , it is not easy for me to start أبدأ .
the start is usually hard for me عليا
i do n't like to اشارك or اتكلم مع حد i do n't ماعرفوش .
as أني dealt with many different ناس because of the تجارب i have ..
أنا live عايش by myself and لوحدي met شوفت ناس so ف .. i have seen many مستويات from different social مستويات and from مختلفة ثقافات , so , it يعنى not social المستوى only .
مش هو not مستوي level related to اجتماعي اجتماعي , but i mean مختلفة social مستويات و مختلفة religions .
و كمان when سافرت traveled بقى أتعرفت met people there هما are not من high standard level at all , and even that there كان a respect in the way of dealing و that is something good , and لأني الوقت have friends من there .
if this person يبقى a close one أنانى، on a personal level , so , i do n't like to be مش person قريب، لو هو is a person not close to me , then ان i do n't like to be غبى غبى
i مابقدرش أستحمل tolerate stupidity , if it is from a person who عرفته not عرفته to عرفته , و مني do n't like selfishness مني الغباء قريب الشخص , because في a وقت , this يبقى يعنى me .
we can say emotional problems whether with my family , ربنا أو أو with my صحابى , other than كده i do n't feel بأي stress , لا work nor study can let m feel with stress .
ممكن .
as it أنه emotional ممكن فبما كمان we ممكن say الوحدة يكون loneliness as well .
so , it يعني او or ده .
so ان يعني could be الوحدة point of loneliness او if عندي مشكلة عاطفية مشكلة مع .. مع أدمين البني who are قريبين to منى .
بالتأكيد بالتأكيد بالتأكيد i am not saying any non understandable things مفهوم
بقول say كلام to الصميم point , but it is not a must يكون these are هما هو the want to hear .
but ( yes , i ممكن do this .
or عملت عملت كده
but , not to say non understandable مفهوم .
because انا am sure that this person sits in front me , اكيد a great experience and he is حاولت to اهبل me منى، so , for فلو حاولت will understand anything i am going to say منى، أو حاولت catch me if أنا am بأي بأي الموضوع شكل الموضوع
and as i لسه before that it is important for أني يحترمني find حد يحترمني me , so أهم، i am not going to lose my dignity .
and at this point خلاص i will say بعمله التقييم يعني not important for me to بعمله بعمله .
مش do n't عارف .
م .. .. انا قعدت n't أنا social .. .. اجتماعية networks في a very long time before , so , it 's no problem , that was for months شهور
مش مش بضايق did n't get خالص يعني
but , أعتقد think without غير موبايل أن there must be a مختلفة life to بقى .
by this way يعني i will not be مش to work مثلا ده و the mobile phone is not going to be a part of my life , and will not be a way مهمة في التواصل with others .
بس .. طب طب تليفون will تليفون موجود؟ موجود؟
i mean , ممكن can اتصل other بالناس عادي , right صح؟
اه اه yes , there is no مشكلة as long as there is another way of communication that can help me to contact with others .
it is not a لازم to have a موبايل يعنى .
so , المهم المهم important for me , ان there is a way أنا أتصل reach them .
okay . so , i will احاول to أقنعكوا you to تكملوا you career as an academic field , و ماتكملوش continue في الشغل regular type of الشغل .
ليه؟ ليه؟ خاطر we are living في egypt , and أنكوا we أنكوا both working في the same field , ف ال .. the موجودة opportunities are in jobs that are موجودة مكرر مكرر
so , in academic field , we do n't have opportunities in the سوق of industry and it is something routine , it is not روتينية و there is a creativity .
الحاجة only thing that is characterized فيها creativity without تجديد زهق is the البحث in general و the academic life .
لأن in the المجال life , you are بتتعاملوا with students و doctors every day كتير
و when بتحضروا conferences , you should ideally تحضروا مؤتمرات مؤتمرات so you get to على people من مختلفة جامعات , different networks , different social levels with different cultures .
so فده this شىء a حلو و comfortable .
plus there is n't the concept of deadlines , where المفروض 're المفروض to عندكوا a معينة task that should يخلص done في معين معين time because the
no , in the academic الحياة أنت you are أنت free .
that هو لو you want ت .. عايز ت .. أنت 're the doctor , so you 're in control of the course , if you want to بتتحكم تجدد it , you want to be أكثر تعمل , you want to do some research , and if you get زهقت of البحث , then هتقضيها هتقضيها فهتاخد أجازة time off research فهتاخد continue teaching و that 's it كده
أنت are the one who مالك وقتك and أنت the time , و after تخلص finished تدريس تدريس then , بتاعك can ليه without any control حاجة
but , here in مصر الشغل على الأقل if you are having a مهمة , then , تخلصوا have تتشقلبوا do all your best ما تخلصوا it .
هتسهروا may need to stay at الشغل الشغل , هتقعدوا are going to live or die , but , the most important is to تخلصوا المهمة المهمة .
plus بيبقى you are going to have this type of عملاء who are going to ask you to يغيروا the الحاجات they need و تبدأوا are going تبدأوا start تعيدوا repeat the عاملينه، you did again , and ده مش not found here with us .
أنت .. أنت are the one who بتعمل your own research .
أنت .. you are the one who thought in the idea and took الفكرة decision .
so , you فأنت the اللي بتنفذ implement الفكرة own الفكرة بتاعتك
you are the one who know how to تعملها it .
you go and present الفكرة own idea .
you are مالك one who have a control on himself .
و i think و the point of academic has no boss ..
there في a boss , who هو for sure higher than you في المنصب position , but the way of dealing بس not .. .. is not علاقة ال .. you أنت doctor like him , you have إصدارات and he has إصدارات as well , so , bot of you are talking على academic level , it المفروض not like فكرة الأمر and you متعملش to do .
this مش not available في the الأكاديمية life at all .
ف , أنا would recommend أنكوا تبدأوا start doing ماجستير , و you are not going to هتخسروا anything , على الأقل you are going to try جديدة fields and this will help you to تعرفوا what أكتر like most , because ماظنش don ’ t أن دراسات البكالوريوس bachelor studies كفاية enough أنكوا help تعرفوا عايزين you need to do على الأقل في المكان place we أحنا in .
and maybe .. at that time تقرروا أكتر
or اغلب of اللي people who do masters فيها research like the .. ال .. like more المسار academic الأكاديمي بيكملوا
and if ماحبتوش did n't like انتوا you are not going to lose anything , you have a درجة , and with this العلمية you will تتعاملوا able تتعاملوا use it at any اي place , plus you أحسن better من other الناس , أنكوا you have حاجة درجة مش هي something not the الشهادة نفسها , but , أتعلمتوا learned as أتعلمتوا و أتطورت are developed at this period of time .
أنا am من nasr نصر .. القاهرة، القاهرة، نصر city .
كنت كنت فى قومية national مدرسة , and i was studying english and فرنساوي؟ فرنساوي؟
أنا i من ثانوية secondary stage , i .. i دخلت to the faculty of commerce , english section .. في , i was at ثانوية ثانوية عامة كنت أنا was studying إنجليزي , but , i أكمل to ادخل faculty of commerce english section , و at the same time أكمل want to study إنجليزي عايزة but , i do n't want to go أكمل the faculty الإتنين صيدلة .
فأنا , since i was at the secondary stage i took my decision to go هدخل تجارة faculty of commerce english section , even , if i got high grade , و this is what i done , thanks god .
i have a baby and فهو is اللي one who wakes me up طبعا very early جدا
we نلبس بنصحى preparing الحضانة breakfast , then فطار، we wear our clothes و ننزل outside to نوديه my baby to الشغل nursery و بعد نيجي to work ؟
اه , في أكيد there must be a يوم لازم for my لإبني , to go outside together و حاجة suitable لسنه his لسنه يعني و another day for an بنخرج مع صحابنا؟ friends صحابنا؟
no لأ
no skip i مش حاجة فاكرة
اه , i like listening to music .
i like listening to عربي sings و amr diab .
i will enroll هدخله god 's الله ان french دولية .
ليه؟ ليه؟ because أنا husband was french and دلوقتي، can وشفت ان it هي very beneficial at شغله , so to be second .. اللغة الأولى and english to be second he تبقى still be good برضه both that 's ان الله will enroll هدخله بتاعه french .
well هو أنا have always wanted اشتغل be محاسب محاسب in a company .
هشتغل father wanted me to work عايز banks but i did n't want banks system فانا فانا مقررة مقررة to هشتغل at a شركة الله
yes , for اكيد i did internships when أنا was at college and it was في البنوك بعد finishing جامعة i worked في a company it was my الأول job and then i الشغل هنا .
no i أفضل my حياتي when i was a student بكتير، بصراحة، because المسؤولية المسؤولية was less , الشغل الشغل definitely مسؤولية مسؤولية مسؤولية much كبيرة and فلأ اتجوزنا اتجوزنا married and have a baby so no فلأ before بصراحة was much better .
yes , i سافرت سافرت قبل أه
سافرت سافرت to تايلاند .. سافرت سافرت thailand .
و هو عايزة أنا do n't want to go there once عايزة it 's once and that 's it it was مجرد جميلة and i would like to أحب another أسبانيا god 's willing يعني شاء would be الخطوة الخطوة الخطوة .
definitely ليا will do this because أحسن need a better future for أكيد لإبني لإبني
and هو هيأثر affect قراري قراري على البلد البلد تنفع هيأثر to live in فيها with my جوزي , و جوزي son or not لأ
البلد البلد is تمام , there هتبقى no problem and مستقبل would هتبقى أحسن مستقبل لإبني لإبني لإبني ..
definitely , i will go of course god 's الله .
look there is more than كذا place , في spain , and في france , و in italy a new country actually .
why ? علشان see الجديدة، الحاجات . monuments there هناك، الحاجات الأثار there , الأثار life , it 's المختلفة، than egypt actually .
اه .
بص , it 's المفضل المفضل place for me for me i have to لازم to el الجونة once per سنة i mean for 4 years we have to لازم to el الجونة كل year .
دي is أكتر مكان we enjoy visiting the فيه in مصر بصراحة
لما i gave birth when i خلفت خلفت , it was a turning نقطة in حياتي life actually بصراحة
اتغير اتغير في my شخصيتي ?
حاسيت حاسيت إن i بقيت بقيت life لحد، أنا else , i mean he depends عليا me in كل i مابقتش no idea .. i mean i ca ماينفعش do anything without him for مثلا، so it was the تحول point in حياتي life for مثلا، طبعا
لأ في college لأ liked working in فرق اشتغل كنت come up بحب new ideas with each لبعض، لبعض، help كل واحد بعض، بنفكر think في بعض، directions which makes us see different things that i did n't see alone . so ماشوفتهاش، working in فرق is of course بتبقى better .
بابايا بابايا ، my بابايا is المثل الأعلى model .
شوفته is the أحسن واحد i have ever seen في حياتي حياتي مثلا
there is حد at الشغل also reminds me of my father , as كده i have n't seen anybody like him زيه
دول is a respected person محترمة، that بتساعد الناس، , who make no harm to لأي , دول is a person who do خير لأي others , so فيعني both of them are the best people i have ever seen في حياتي .
respected تحترمني
respected is .. غصب to تحترمني me i mean forced % ه .. هبقى will نظره good عنه نظره لكن like this is not anybody .. , i mean i ca n't like you , but بيحب لو ماقدرش أحبك fine that 's it i will respect .
well بصي took time slightly till أفهم the other person but it كويس fine % ه .. .. % h i mean هكمل يعني go on with him , if أوي do n't feet at ease there would be حدود so i باخد time واللي people get to know me say ان we أفهم that كنا were totally different it 's only to know if اللي other person قدامي good ولا not .
it ممكن يكون if i felt that he هو a person who does n't مابيحبش good for others أو who is gossiping about كلام، , لو i عرفت something with قولتله and دي knew ان he shared it with others which الحقيقة حصلت before و is currently actually حصلت بتحصل مع حد، , that 's it بتاعه be closed his الملف that 's مش i do n't want to أعرفه him again .
me for example like بحب بحب actually ... i mean بحب بالأسرار and بحب good for others ما هو the two things that i like بالأسرار find in others و like good for للناس thank god يعني .
no no i have no problem في الموضوع issue ده، عادي can بتكيف مع بطريقتي قدامي، i mean it 's عادي .
work و the .. مسئولية responsibility البيت، the baby i يعني not مسئولية .. the baby these are the most دول .. both مع sometime i need to slightly يفصل a break , فالموضوع the فالموضوع صعب very hard أوي .
بص , it 's of course بحاول mean بحاول actually because ابني son does n't spend much time معاه كتير so بخلي try after returning back % ب .. spend all الوقت with him as i mentioned أن في weekend و we go out with ليه to compensate نعوضه ان we do n't spend كبير time معانا him في الإسبوع week مش
الشغل work you are at الشغل هتعمل مشكلة is no مشكلة هي بس 's % ك .. stress no أكتر .
لأ .. i have just كنت in ال problem قريب and i قولت i have no idea that أنا مش مش actually i يعني مش 's ما .. not مش will not be able to أقول and it seems that أنا do n't عارفة، so that 's it مش will not هحرج نفسي myself and أنا do n't عارفة، there is مشكلة problem actually .
no لأ لأ عادي تقبل that حاجة is no مشكلة، , مافيش سألني me another question .
no , i ca n't live without a mobile .
why because i will علشان that فيه 's safe ع الناس who بعاد بتطمن far away from me , i يعني my ابني، ابني، جوزي، and أهلي .
أهلي can go to my أهلي و sometimes for example when i 'm tired it 's much easier للواحد، call برضه مثلا the mobile هو شئ crucial اليوم . no no .
تسافروا have to تسافروا برا
لازم have to travel abroad i يعني احنا are older دلوقتي دلوقتي and we are trying to ناخد الخطوة step actually دي
و تعليم تعليم يبقى أحسن better
و what i 'm يستحق as well may شايف is not مقابل of what i انت getting دافعها
فأنا , currently i ببص on دلوقتي son this is the step in which لإبني أنا in right now i want him أعيشه ميت أحسن life hundred times better than مني .
for better future إن 's الله