batman vs superman
the director is zack snyder, 27% rotten tomatoes, 4.9/10.
not very popular it seems
but the audiences liked it. it has a b cinema  score
yes
there is a huge divergence between proffession al critical opinion and regular movie goers
i've never seen it
i know the difference.
i can't believe they used ben affleck as batman
so it probably won't get any awards, but should have done well enough at the box office
it was a strange choice
well it was made in 2016
i'm just guessing as to what it may have accomplished back then
probably nothing with those scores
the box office  gross is more important than critics acceptance for these blockbuster type movies
i don't like how they made a whole new story line.
they ruined it for me
although critics can affect word of mouth to an extent
batman as a billionaire
yeah right!
isn't that what he always was?
but they make it the main focus.
batman i know, was humble
the lack of intellectual development for the main characters was my problem. especially concerning lex luthor
have you seen this movie?
yes i have
what was your favorite part?
lex l uthor was the worse villain ever
you think?
this wasn't a memorable movie. it got me through a bucket of popcorn at the moment i was watching, but you forget about it soon after
hahaha
did people know that they were super heroes?
the best part was wonder woman action scenes  in the final act
i love wonder woman
wonder woman is the right name for her cause i always wonder why they took so long to get her into the movies
haha
i agree!!!!
i love a good superhero movie! iron man is a good one.
hello
have you seen the mmovie?
hi!
i saw it many years ago
yes, same!
and just recently as well. i really do enjoy robert downey jr as iron man.
i can't believe it has been 10 years since it came out. that's crazy.
i know, it feels like cou ple years
i like robert downey too
time flies. haha.
would you watch it again?
definitely!
did you see it on the big screen the first time?
i normally do agree with rotten tomatoes scores. a 94 for this movie is pretty good.
i saw it on dvd but still was fun
honestly... not sure! ha!
i don't totally trust critics, they give biased reviews
wasn't there a sequel  to this movie?
i don't totally trust them either. i never let reviews stop me from watching a film.
i think it is best to decide for yourself
i usually watch a movie if i like the actors
i believe there was an iron man 2 and 3!
i forgot that jeff bridges was in this cast!!
likewise!!
i really did like the end of this movie. especially when tony stark reveals his identity as iron man.
i don't remember details but the entire movie was enjoyable
as well as when stark defeats stane on top of his building.
you'll have to watch it again and refresh your memory!!!
i think i recall that
yes, i do need to watch it again
maybe during spring break
perfect! you can follow up with the sequels. haha
it's one of those movies you can just pick up and watch any time
you don't really need to know the background
definitely! even for the sequels. still enjoyable. well, it's been nice chatting! enjoy the rest of your day.
hi
hi
did you see this film  wonder woman
yes
do u like this film?
s i like this film
it is based on dc comisc. the distributed by wamer bros. pictures
yeah it is a  famous dc comics.
good
this is  german army (german empire)
yes i know. the term deutsches heer is also used for the modern german army, the land component of the bundeswehr.
s apart from this jenkins's role as director makes her the first female director of a live-action, theatrically released comic book superhero film.
are you like that movie
yes i like that. and also i enjoyed this movie.
oh how many times you see this movie
2 times i watched this movie.
are you like this movie director
are you from
yeah i like this film director.
yeah
what yeah
are you from
yes i am here
why do like this film?
yes i like this film
but iam not see this movie
why do did not see that? do you know this movie is really good
which charecter you like this movie
i like all the character in this film
oh really
that nice
ok fine
hey, have you seen the avengers? it's a pretty good movie, you should check it out if you like robert downey jr.
yes, i know and also i like the movie
it's really great what mark ruffalo did as bruce banner/the hulk, making him so calm yet ready to become a volcano don't you think?
yes, i think so
i'm not always a big joss whedon fan, but he did a good job with the humor to spice up the team origin story. were you surprised that it worked with so many characters?
strictly, this may be his main potential
i would say robert downey jr. is also playing to his potential here, with his sharp tongue and sophistication. who was your favorite character?
robert downey is my favorite favorite character
did you think he made a good leadership figure of the avengers or did anybody else stand out to you more that way?
no, he is right
that opening with the tesseract escape was pretty cool, setting the tone for the movie.
may be  that was the reason for the film's success
yeah, it was pretty surprising when hawkey got enslaved so early in the movie though.
it refers to   image capture skills
please chat me fast
i'm not sure about that, but nick fury is always so cool. too bad the bad guys always have to get one up on them.
it's their nature and it's impossible
i guess so. i wonder what the deal is with the leader of those chitauri? very mysterious.
it was a mystery to the last
for this film at least i guess. it was pretty sad when coulson died. did that scene get you?
there is a glimpse of seeing
yeah, a t least it brought the avengers together finally, no need for them to be fighting each other the whole time.
there is no need
absolutely. beat on loki, like the hulk did. who kicked the most butt do you think?
i think so
i loved that hulk saved iron man when he was falling, such a great moment.
i like hulk too
yeah he's the best. it's great that the whole team had to work together to save the day in the end, don't you think?
i knew and i thought
there were certainly some high stakes with that nuclear missile heading for new york.
hi there. what did you think of the movie?
hello?
hi, i think it's great, it would be good as a b roadway musical
why do you think it would be great as a broadway musical?
mainly the singing but also since the story is about a journey.
what do you think?
the music in movie is very catchy and enjoyable, so i agree.
whose journey did you find most compelling?
anna's journey
did you think the conclusion was satisfying for her character?
she was trying to be herself and at the same time protect her sister so i think it was satisfying since that was accomplished.
i agree
have you heard of the fairy tale that the movie was based on?
no, never.
which character do you most admire?
hello?
hello!
what do you think of john lee hancock?
hello.
hey! have you ever seen the social network?
i have not, but i know it was filmed in 2010.
have you seen it?
i personally enjoyed it. it tells the story of the founding of facebook. do you like movies based on reality?
i do. i also like jesse eisenberg and justin timberlake. the movie got good reviews, so maybe i will watch it.
i really would recommend it myself. it was extremely good. jesse eisenberg plays zuckerburg in such an intense way. it's a great film.
did you read the book the movie was based on? the accidental billionaires?
i just learned it was based on the book today. i'm definitely going to have to read it.
apparently, the biographical part of the movie isn't exactly true to life, since the movie was based on the book. mark zuckerberg had no part in contributing to the movie.
that is certainly interesting to know. i always wondered about it myself. apparently, saverin was the only consultant with any true to life information.
was it weird to see armie hammer play two people?
it was! to be honest with you they did such a good job that i had a hard time realizing they were both armie hammer. he is an amazing actor. i also think facesmash is a hilarious startup name.
it is! and what a crazy story... basically he got dumped and made millions off of trying to get even with her.
how contentious of a person. based off what you know of him would you have be friendly with him if you were in school with him at the time?
hmm... probably not. he doesn't seem to have good luck keeping friends. how ironic as he invented facebook. do you think you'd have been friends?
absolutely not 1
i thought it was ironic as well. i couldnt believe it.
the scene where christy lee says facebook me is kinda funny, too. it certainly beats facesmash me.
agreed. it makes sense, but i had no idea how much help zuckerberg had along the way... especially from one of the founders of napster!
justin timberlake plays him so well too. i never knew about it either, but keep in mind it's based off the book. who knows how much he actually was involved.
that is true. i wonder if mark zuckerberg actually invited sean parker to live at facebook headquarters!
i love how he was doing it from a house. you know that much happened. if sean parker was there, who knows. i love how tech company start ups are out of houses. i wonder what the other continent was they were trying to expand to first.
i think that it is pretty funny considering the success he gained... and "thefacebook"? first facesmash, then harvard connection then thefacebook... yikes!
thefacebook is just rotten. it seems like zuckerberg really shafted everyone else in the situation.
it's kind of creepy how he just waited for albright to accept the friend request, too.
it's really sort of sad to me. he hasn't really changed from the beginning of the story.
that's how i feel. i'm not surprised he had to do a settlement.
he founded the biggest social network the world has ever seen, but he seems like a person who people hate.
extremely misanthropic. i would agree. it's overall kind of sad.
at least he didn't use his intelligence for true evil.
are you still there?
it's been 10 minutes
the movie is toy story.
from 1995, director is john lasseler, 100% rotten tomatoes, 9/10 score.
hello, have you seen toy story? i did. i agree with the critical that is has the purity and ecstatic freedom of imagination. what do you think?
i agree, it was a very popular movie.
i love animations and pixar is amazing. this one was really perfect. as it was mentioned a work of genius.
i also love pixar
maybe they'll make another toy story movie.
the interaction between woody and buzz is really nice. also hearing tom hanks as wood is incredible.
oh yeah, classic voice
i like how their friendship grew.
it was really interesting to see they change from rivals to friends
i like the supporting toys too.
for sure woody and buzz are amazing but also the other are perfect.
isn't there a few toy story movies?
yes for sure. on the begging the scene of andy's party is really breathtaking don't you think?
yeah, when he first got buzz.
you still there?
for sure, and the other toys are very funny
who is your favorite?
ohh difficult  to say. but i suppose mr potato head.
and what about your?
bopeep i think
and what about the scene on pizza planet. what a confusion, right?
yeah!
but that's when the little aliens came in
for sure, and also all the run to be able to get there. really nice.
and what about andy's neighbor sid. what a terrifying children for the toys, right?
andy's rc car is really funny don't you think?
i don't remember either.
woody flying back to andy's car is really a nice one.
have you enjoyed the end of the history?
what do you mean?
how the things come to the end, meaning a happy end right?
oh definitely!
hello
what is the name of the movie?
hello
did you watch 'the post'?
no, i didnt
what genre is it?
it is 'historical, political'
directed by steven spielberg
oh. does it have any actors that i might know of?
maryl stree
streep
tom hanks
is it a new movie?
yes, 2017
oh, i guess im a bit behind the times. has it been well received?
i think it's worth watching
do you want to know something about plot?
what type of "post" is it named after? whats the movie about?
yes please
the post depicts the story of attempts by journalists at the washington post to publish the pentagon paers
papers
oh. is that related to the vietnam war?
yes
is the movie about a government cover up?
the government always has something to hide ;)
isnt that the truth!
it sounds like a movie id enjoy
i think that this film is worth watching
is it a long show?
do you know the length?
i dont know the length
but probably about 1.30h as usual...
do you know if it has won any awards?
i don't know
well thanks for telling me about the post. :)
hello! do you like superhero movies?
yes. batman begins! i think this a great batman film. have you seen it?
yes, i have. christian bale is my favorite batman so far.
do you usually check the ratings of movies before you see them?
i usually do. but the rating dose not determine whether i will watch the movie or not
the film has several great big name actors, which is another reason i like this one and would watch it based on the actors alone
i agree, there are quite a few great actors in batman begins. i like liam neeson too, even though he is one of the villains.
seeing the potential for great actors together on a big screen defiantly gets my interest. along with super heros and villans.  a good  rating does help me feel like i will not waste my time watching something awful
but the same time will not deter me from a film if i am just into the genre
i personally prefer good ratings. even if a movie has many good actors, if it's rated poorly, i usually won't watch it in theaters.
i'm not sure if i agree with the metacritic score of 70/100, though.
the 84% on rotten tomatoes seems more accurate.
i will generally have enough patience to wait for a film to be released on dvd/video if the rating turn me off.
what did you think of the bat scene in the movie?
i felt that scene shows the story of this film well, and is thought out.
i wonder if there was a better place for the bats besides a dry well, though.
batman as a child was good step by the filmm aker to show how his life started out
because this movie is called batman begins, i agree that it was appropriate to show bruce's beginnings.
i think it's ironic that the mugger's name is joe chill, but he isn't  chill if he murders people.
unlikely yes, i think they were going for a mysterious beginning to show how batman came to be.  but still want to leave some mystery as he still develops a phobia to   the bats
very ironic. mr chill is more of a bone  chilling murderer.
he is also murdered too, so at least he gets what he deserves.
he got whats coming to him. but  bruce dosent get to murder him so i think that leaves him wanting revenge
i think it helps to establish that bruce will not directly murder anyone. even when he burns down the league of shadows, he doesn't directly kill ra's al ghul.
injustice should be not be used as a reason to murder, in any case.
i feel hes lucky become part of the league of shadows, and to purge his fear of bats. this key part i think is pretty lucky break for him. as he is doing jail time in a foreign country.
it is strange that his family could afford a butler but he goes to prison for stealing...
i really like gary oldman as gordon. he plays a good cop really well.
what did you think of the scarecrow scenes?
the scarecrow was particularly scary character. trying to poison the water supply
and batman was poisoned with the fear-inducing drugs, i thought it was over for him.
it appeared to be over for many characters in this movie at different points, yeah.
i was surprised when the real ra's al ghul showed himself, too. the league of shadows doesn't die easily.
he seems to have otherworldy power after surviving his past experiences
hey
hi
how’s it going?
pretty good. are you a marvel fan?
good to hear. sure, what about you?
yes, i am a huge marvel fan. one of my favorites is the avengers. mark ruffalo is great as the hulk.
sure, i liked the avengers a lot.
i also think ruffalo is a great hulk.
is avengers the movie we’re supposed to talk about?
rotten tomatoes gave it a 92% rating and average of 8/10. yes, i believe so.
okay then. right, i’ve always experiened that imdb gives movies a lower average rating than rotten tomatoes.
tha
that's true
but i guess 92 and 80 are a fair assesment.
yeah, i think joss whedon was a good choice for director also. his vision was really inline with the comics.
well, i can’t speak for the comics (haven’t read them), but this movie is a great mashup of all the heroes and their stories.
i guess it’s just a very good movie with an amazing plot.
i agree.
loki using clint barton to help him with the tesseract was awesome too. i like him even though he's a bad guy
right, that was a great scene.
loki’s a likable villain i’d say.
it was interesting how it caused such a riff within the avengers. thor still felt like he had loyalty to him for a long time during the movie.
you think?
i thought he was pretty ruthless with him.
that’s just my opinion obviously.
i can see that somewhat but he could have done a lot more damage if he wanted to.
do you have a specific example on mind?
the end fight scene definitely was. he could have killed him.
oh, the one where hulk ends up hitting him?
yeah, that was classic. one of the funniest moments of the movie. i also liked when iron man fell back through the wormhole. it had everyone on edge i think.
absolutely. epic scenes.
can we talk about other movies or just this one?
you know, mcu
i also like the way nick fury stood his ground with the council. just this one.
understood.
yeah, fury’s great too.
so, any final thoughts?
it's crazy that the council wanted him to drop a nuclear missile into new york.
great examples, man.
it was great talking to another mcu fan.
take care now!
definitely! you too!
hi
hi are there any good movies out?
yes have you ever seen a batman movie
yes, i love batman movies! who is the actor?
it was christian bale
oh wow, i love him. is there a lot of action in the movie?
yes it was a darker take on batman it explored batman's damaged mind
wow. does the joker play an important role in it?
no i think it was scare crow
oh okay. is it a long movie?
i would say about a hour and a half
that's not too bad.
would you like to hear a bit about the plot
i really want to watch this movie i think
sure!
ok it starts with bruce as a child
ah okay. are his parents alive?
also, what is the name of this movie?
they get kill at the movies after bruce wants to leave
batman begins
okay. does bruce want to  seek revenge for the death of his parents?
yes but someone kills the guy first
okay. does bruce inherit a lot of money from his parents?
yes and he goes and travels the world
to learn how to fight injustice
oh okay. who teaches him how to fight?
a man named ra's al ghul
but it turns out that he was evil and wanted to burn gotham down
oh ok i think i remember that
so is bruce loved by the people of gotham?
i think  so
i will let you see the rest for yourself
thanks for the chat
thanks
all the best
hey!
are you still there?
hello
what took you so long dude?
yes i just finished reading, i am a slow reader
oh great
let's roll
have you seen the wolf of wall street?
no but according to the review it does not sound too good
talking based on the ratings i would say it is a decent movie though
whaddya think
have you seen it\
a 78% from rotten tomatoes doesn't seem cheap to me
whats a rotten tomatoes\]
what's the name of the movie
hi, the rotten tomatoes score is great but the meta critic score seems a little low a movie of this quality.
do you think you will like the movie
what kind of movie is it
when was the movie made?
wonder woman, i think i would enjoy this movie very much
whats the name of the movie
it is a action movie set in the dc comic world
who stars in the movie
the movie was made in 2015
did it do well in theaters?
did i have to see other movies to get it?
the main character is gal gadot, but also stars  chris pine, robin wright and danny huston
what is the movie about?
no i think this movie is a stand alone piece that you wont need knoledge of other movies to understand it
it is a war movie action movie
do you think this is a family movie for the kids
are you familiar with any of the actors in the movie?
some of them
i think its acceptable for a family to watch with children
even though its about war
what kind of color pallet   does it tend to use
yes they don't depict much of the war in the movie its more of theme then actually seeing the war
so is it dark and cold or bright and action
the movie tries to stop the war not be in it
how can one person stop a war
i believe the movie is a little bit of both. bright for some scenes but dark for when things get gritty
well shes wonderwoman she has super powers
so is it like a marvle movie
yes except its in the dc universe instead of marvle
is it still out in theaters?
i dont think so im pretty sure its out on blu ray now
hi
what moviie did you see
hello how are you? have you heard of batman begins? it is a great movie!
no tell me more
what is it about
it stars christian bale, michael caine, and liam neeson. great cast right?
yes
it is
what is the movie about
this is pretty much the reboot of the batman film franchise with a new origin story. christian bale plays batman.
cool
how long is the movie
the film has pretty good reviews. sorry but i am not sure how long the movie is based on the given document
oh ok.
what genre would you say the movie is
it is of course a superhero movie. t here are several dc comics characters in the movie like scarecrow and ra's al ghul.
thats great
i think i would love to see it
so in the beginning, bruce wayne falls into a well and is attacked by bats.
then what happens
?
well obviously he became afraid of bats. and then his parents get gunned down in the street by a mugger
is the movie an animation
no. it is not.
how does he become batman
the mugger is arrested for murder but soon freed in a plea deal. bruce wayne feels like he wants to take justice in  his own hands
cool
is the movie in theaters
or on dvds
the movie is from 2005. so you can watch it on dvds
thats great
i would like to watch  it
bruce wayne travels around the world and finds league of shadows
whats league of shadows?
league of shadows is a secret organization with highly trained fighters
where does bruce travel to?
all over the world. he finds league of shadows in bhutan. meanwhile in gotham, there is trouble brewing
:)
is there any other main characters
dr. jonathan crane, a corrupt psychiatrist, tries to transfer criminals to arkham asylum
you heard of arkham asylum? it is a criminal asylum for the insane
good bye
hello!
i hope you like romance, because ive got a scorcher here
the 2004 ryan gosling drama: the notebook
yeah i like romance
well you're in for it, this ones based on a best seller
well then!
hello! isn't monsters university a great movie? it was true to the spirit of monsters, inc. and matched its tone.
i agree.  it was a good movie
what was your favorite part?
i liked when mike and sully didn't finish the program and worked their way up the ranks anyways.
me too! it was very inspiring and showed that you can accomplish your dreams many ways. i liked how the movie expanded on the monster world.
yes.  the first movie only gave one facet of the world, while the second developed the setting to a much larger degree.
when i heard they were making another monsters inc movie i expected a sequel, not a prequel. but i ended up loving it! did you see it in theatres?
i don't think we saw it in the theatre.  i think we rented it.  it's been a while though.  i should show it to my kids.  they would probably like it.
i bet they would! i don't have kids but my coworkers do. i love disney/pixar movies so i recommend them to my coworkers a lot.
i really enjoy randy newman's music on this, the toy story movies, and finding nemo/dory.
me too! i think the toy story movies might be my favorite pixar movies. did you hear that they're building a toy story land in walt disney world this summer?
i did hear that.  it sounds pretty interesting.
i'm going to wdw in the fall so i'm excited to see how the park is. have you ever been? or to disneyland?
i've been to wdw a few times.  never to disneyland though.  california is pretty far away from me.  we went camping at wdw last year though.  it was great.
that's what i'm doing in the fall! i'm really looking forward to camping there!
it was really great.  we camped for four nights i think.  it rained like crazy the first day, but it was still fun.
do you like mike or sulley better?
oh good question! i think i like mike more. he's weirdly optimistic.
how about you?
i like mike because he's funnier.  he had some of the best lines in the first movie.
he is so funny!!
i always liked john goodman's voice acting for sully, though. it's perfect for a big, fluffy monster
the part at the end of the first movie when he burps out the microphone makes my kids laugh so hard.
i agree. john goodman was a great choice for sulley.
hahah i bet!!!
i love the scare machine they had in the prequel that the students had to frighten for the contest. that was pretty neat
yeah, though i was really disappointed with sulley for cheating.
i was too, that broke my heart. i cried when that happened!
it was really a cruel thing for him to do to mike
it seemed a little out of character for sulley, but i guess they had to have some final source of conflict between the two to keep the plot moving.
i agree, it was probably my least favorite part of the movie. i feel like they could have taken the story in a different direction.
for sully to trick mike into thinking he was scary was just so hurtful!
i do like that they ended up working so hard to achieve their dreams though.  that's a good message that disney started doing with the princess and the frog.
me too! i like that common thread between the two movies. i think it was executed better in this though, because they really did start from the very bottom of monsters, inch
and it explains why they're always nice to the other nerdy janitors in the original movie.  they were once in that same position.
oh my gosh!!! i didn't even realize that! i have to rewatch the movie. you're totally right!
it does show a really good message for kids, to be respectful of everybody
it's a valuable message.  be kind and respectful to everyone.  don't expect to lean on your credentials or family reputation to get you somewhere in life.  just be prepared to work your hardest.
yes! i liked that they showed sully as this spoiled brat at first who eventually learned that you can't always lean on your family's reputation. it can only get you so far
maybe his spoiled background is why he cheated in the competition, because he didn't really realize the consequences of his actions, just did what he thought was right
i feel like a lot of kids need that message these days.
you've got a good point there about the cheating.
and you have a good point there about kids needing that message!
i like that they had to work hard together too, so it didn't feel like so much of a struggle. because mike and sully had each other to share in that struggle of working their way up the corporate ladder
hello
hi
looks like we got monsters university
ok
i’ve never seen it
me either
i had picked the shape of water
i had home alone
lol
i've seen that at least
it looks like billy crystal in the movie
ok
it’s seem to do ok on rotten tomatoes i got a 79%
yeah no kids so not great with kids movies
that's pretty good
that’s ok i’ve got a bunch information from we  can figure it out
4 stars on umdb too
imdb
oh john goodman‘s in this too and kind of suprised steven buscemi  is in this
that's a good cast
he normally plays really creepy bad  guys
haha totally
looks like monster hunter has something like fraternity or sorority games called scary games
oops monsters university i’ve been playing monster hunter sorry
maybe it’s to teach kids to challenge themselves
oops did i lose you
hey, how are you?
do you like monsters university?
i do, i thought billy did a good job as mike
yeah billy crystal is great. who is your favorite character?
mike was. monster u is cute and funny and the animation, though not exactly inspired, has a lot of color.
i really liked all the comedy in it. and the music
the comedy is true to the spirit of monsters inc and matches its tone but never seemed content to turn over old ground. the music hit all the right notes i think
i agree, it was a very safe bet for pixar with how they presented it.
superstar actors doing voice acting is always going to make money, though.
i agree, it has enough stuff to haunt the imagination long after the immediate buzz of cuteness has melted away. for a mere prequel, that's a good result.
i liked the whole fraternity aspect of it, very tongue in cheek.
yes, it was a refreshing outlook on the series as a whole and provided a nice background for the characters.
i thought the scene of mike at 7 years old was a good call-back too.
i agree, i liked when they show mike's background story of why he became a scarer. i always wondered why he chose to do that
i also like how they show the friendship between mike and sully develop
yeah i never thought of sully as the cool guy iike that
i didn't know sully had such a pretentious  background compared to other characters. it explains why only he was accepted into roar omega roar.
true, and it does do a good job of showing how both characters are flawed.
i thought the whole scare games plot was a fairly good one too, kept it interesting.
i agree, i like that they didn't try to make them perfect.
yes! and so much was at stake for them in that game as well
it would decide if they could be renerolled or not. how do you feel about how sully cheated?
i thought it was delaying the inevitable and giving them a false sense of accomplishment.
i agree, i felt bad for mike who thought he succeeded on his own terms but instead was helped to win
i thought it was ironic too since they only get eliminated from the first challenge because another team was diqualified for cheating.
yes i agree. it ended up causing them to become expelled from the university as well
i feel like they sacrificed themselves for the rest of the fraternity to get accepted though.
i agree and i think that it was a noble thing to do. at least they still were able to be hired at monsters, inc. and work their way up to becoming scarers.
yeah, guess it shows that you don't need education sometime! haha.
exactly, sometimes all that's needed is preservation  and hardwork!
at least they didn't get in a lot of trouble with the cda
yeah i was taken aback when hardscrabble said they were the first students to surprise her.
i agree, i thought they weren't too special. all in all it was a great movie!
hi
hey, what do you think about despicable me?  it's a really good movie.
i think so too.
it's quite funny!
did you just read about it? or have you seen it also.
yeah?  steve carell is super funny.  my kids love this movie.
yeah he plays gru really well.
i've seen it.
oh, i don't have kids, but i think the movie is good for all ages
i recommend it to my friends.
lots of good lessons in it
same here
and the animation is really top level.
yeah it is, simple but not too simple, and just detailed enough
i like all the small details in the movie, and how gru evolves over time
what's your favorite character in the movie?
i also like gru.  he's the funniest of the characters by far.
same here. and it has a lot of rewatching value
always find new things and easter eggs
yeah i've probably seen it a dozen times.
this movie is awesome!
what was the title of the movie?
real steel
oh, who's in it?
sounds like an action movie.
hugh jackman
i love hugh jackman!!
what year was it released?
2011
is it an action or drama?
its an action movie
i thought so, sounds interesting.
what score did rotten tomatoes give?
59%
that's pretty low...but i don't always agree with critics...
people seemed to like it
who directed the movie?
shawn levy
anything else you can tell me about the movie?
its like rocky but with robots
is hugh jackman a robot?
or does he play a human?
you think it's a good movie to watch with kids?
he is a human
yeah i do
i couldn't imagine hugh jackman as a robot...lol
who else is in the movie?
d akota goyo
i don't think i know who that is...
yeah
not a romantic date movie then...
i wouldnt say so
i agree do you like action movies?
i like some action movies, yes.  do you?
yea i enjoy most
john wick is really good
agreed.  i liked both of them. you?
same
did you like one more than the other?
both about the same
will you see the next one?
yea
what other movies do you like?
do you like fast and the furious movies?
are you still there?
hello?
hello
do you see the movie info?
time to abort
hi
hi
what is the name of the movie?
bruce almighty
what is the movie about
the movie is about a tv reporter who complains about gods presence in his life guidance and so is offered the chance to do his job for one week
that sounds interesting.
it is a well written comedy, have you seen it?
it features an all star cast of jim carrey, jennifer aniston, morgan freeman, lisa ann walker and phillip baker hall.
not the whole thing just bits and pieces.
i like comedies with jim carrey in them
i have seen even almighty it similar to that one?
me too!
i am not sure i at liberty to disclose that lol?
re: the rules
ok
but  i will tell you a little more about the movie
ok that would be great
i keep meaning to watch it but seem to always forget
so carreys character, bruce nolan, is a reporter. hardworking, but not very successful. he has a lot of bad luck and reaches his limit when his co worker receives a promotion over him
he then starts his complaints to god who ends up responding with the proposition that gives him his powers
so its like walk in someone else's shoes to see what they have to deal with.
more as in "why god leaves some prayers unanswered"
oh ok
bruce starts responding with yeses to all the prayers he receives, and as you can imagine that's were a lot of the conflict and comedy come in to play
i enjoy comedy that is funny but has a good story line.
oh yea this one definetly has both and then the story to with jennifer annistons character as well
would you recommend this movie?
oh yea
from what you have said about bruce almighty it seems like a very good movie.
i actually forgot about it, and how well written it is now that i really think about it
its a bit of a tear jerker too lol
i am looking forward to adding it to my list of movies to watch.
i like feel good movies but do cry easy during movies that are tear jerkers.
i would add this one, its worth watching
i hope my movie store has it.
also seems to be a bit of a classic especially with it being jim carrey
or i will have to find someone that does.
i have netflix i will check there
thank you for telling me about this movie i appreciate it.
you still have a movie store lol which one??
family video
its the only one in town
i don't believe netflix has it, but worth checking
also red box..
oh yes, we have one too i forgot about that
oh yeah i forgot about red box
they should have it, again it is a classic
either of them might and youre welcome!
i hope you enjoy it as much as i did!
hey, there's this movie called bruce almighty with jim carrey in it, have you seen it or would you like to?
i haven't seen it.
have you seen it?
what's it about?
i have seen it, it's really funny. it's a comedy made in 2003 about a down on his luck tv reporter who complains to god and in return becomes god for a week
i like comedies. is jim carrey pretty good in it?
it is known as one of his best films, so i would say yes, it is very slapstick comedy
is it also a romance?
no, it's a comedy
no it is not
too bad. i like romantic comedies.
does being god work out for him?
hi!
hello!
i just saw iron man.  it was awesome!
oh cool! what's it about?
it's about a superhero called iron man, in real non-superhero life he's a genius inventor.
it's got robert downey, jr. as iron man aka tony stark.
i really like him. was he good in it?
yes!  there are some other big names starring in it too!
like who?
it's got gwyneth paltrow as stark's assistant and he has a crush on her.
then there's jeff bridges as the next in charge at stark industries, downey's company.
nice! do they hook up in the end?
do you really want to know or do you want to wait for when you watch it?
stark is kind of a playboy.
the plot is awesome too.
that figures. i guess i'll wait.  who directed it?
jon favreau directed it, it got pretty good critics' scores.
what were the reviews?
cinemascore gave it an a, and rotten tomatoes was 94%.
wow that is pretty good. so what happens with the plot?
stark gets captured by terrorists and is held prisoner in a cave in afghanistan.
they have to put a device in his chest because he gets injured in a blast and it keeps the shrapnel that they can't remove from reaching his heart.
so they want to keep him alive? why?
the terrorist group is called ten rings, they want him to manufacture a jericho missile for them.
i see. so how does he escape?
let me just say he gets away and doesn't build the missile.
but when he gets back to his company he finds out one of his employees is secretly working as an arms dealer.
dirty mole!
so what does he do with him?
he foils the attack on a village the terrorists are trying to destroy, donned in his iron man gear flying around all superhero-like.
his mole of an employee builds a suit like his, and they end up duking it out.
ah ha! so naturally iron prevails right?
just before the ending the two of them are fighting atop the stark industries tower.
go on!
stark doesn't have the new reactor to charge his iron man suit that the other guy has, so he's getting whooped pretty bad.
you sure you want to know the ending?
nope. let's not spoil it. thanks!
hi there! ready to chat?
hi
yes
alright. so the movie i have is the original iron man. it came out in 2008. have you seen it?
so what’s the movie
i actually have but it’s been awhile
so tell me about it
cool. it has a rotten tomatoes score of 94, a metacritic score of 79, and a cinemascore of a, all of which i agree with. i thought it was a pretty good movie. what about you?
i thought it was good too
i like robert downey jr as iron man
yeah, same here. i feel like he did a great job being an eccentric, rich businessman-turned-superhero.
terrence howard was also in it as james rhodes, along with jeff bridges as obadiah stane, the primary antagonist. gwyneth paltrow was also pepper potts.
yeah i liked it what was the plot of the first one
i get them mixed up
i actually forgot about this until just now, but the intro is set in afghanistan, with tony being captured by a terrorist group.
i like terrance howard as well
i actually don't know too much about terrance.
he plays on empire he was in hustle in flow
ah, i see. haven't seen either of those.
and some other good movies
but anyway back to the topic at hand
some of the critical responses to iron man were: "impressive sets and mechanics that combine smoothly with relatively seamless cg"
what happens in this movie
i remember the cg being pretty decent for a 2009 movie.
i'd love to tell you but i don't have the page with the plot summary anymore, haha. :)
yeah i’m having a hard time remember which one was which
oh well that’s no good
well what do you know
oh okay, here we go. it just gave them back to me. basically he's giving a defense contract demonstration, and is captured and wounded. a fellow-scientist is also captured and creates a device that keeps the metal shards in his chest from going in any deeper.
yeah i remember a little about that
tony escapes by building a metal suit out of scrap while also pretending to build a missile for the terrorist group. the metal suit is his prototypical iron man suit.
it’s hard to believe this movie is 10 years old already
i know. time goes so quickly in the entertainment industry. :p
conversation's up for me. have a great day!
hello
i would love to watch this movie
hello!
have you seen it?
nope. but i want to. it seems very interesting and connects to most movies i have watched
so you are fan of these superhero movies as well?
yes i am
i love the advangers movies
and the new wonder women
do you think ben affleck makes a good batman?
i think he is a little on the odler side
but i still think he would be good for the part
you will like him in this one for sure.
sweet
what are your thoughts about diana playing martha
nice little twist with the whole kryptonite in this too
yea i don't mind martha at all.
yess!! thats what i was thinking
you don't like martha as a character?
yes i do
oh okay
i do want to see this movie. like i would like to see how the actors played the characters
batman rescued  here in this movie
hopefully this went all out with the acting
and graphics
and just everything to be honest
it's pretty good. it's about 153 mins long
yes and i see it sasy that it is in between man of steel and dark night
i liked the sneak peak of wonder woman in here too.
she appears in it too?
yes.
it's pretty cool
that would be great
i think zack snyder did a great job directing it
i have seen a few of his moveis
he killed it with this one
he does a great job with directing
i agree with you
eisenberg played a good lex luther too
hello!
hey, what's up
have you watched la la land before?
yes. i really appreciated how much thought went into the movie's title. i think it's really cool how it refers to los angeles, music, and having your head in the clouds all at once. it's really spectacular how they summed up so many elements of the movie in such a short title
have you seen it?
yep -  i watched it because critics seemed to like it
i agree with most of the critics in the paper
yes. i especially agree with the review that la la land is successful at showing the hardships that are involved with chasing a dream
i disagree with the two reviews that the film is dull and that the middle was boring. i really found the entire movie to be enthralling.
yep, i agree with you - i do believe we have to cut emma stone and ryan gosling some slack, since they're not singers
agreed. i really liked the scene where sebastian improvs jazz music when he is supposed to be playing christmas music only.
it was one of those scenes that really stuck with me after i watched the movie
would you do that, if you were in his position?
i'm not sure. i liked how that was when mia first heard sebastian sing and was truly moved by it. i think it was interesting way to initiate their relationship
yeah, it was just sad how he brushed her off, since things could've been different
i do like how the next time mia sees sebastian he is also singing. i also liked how she kind of teased him by requesting a song she knew he would hate to sing
do you usually watch musicals?
occasionally. i also enjoyed the development of sebastian and mia's relationship, such as when mia decides to begin writing a play all by herself because sebastian suggests it to her. i feel like the two of them really grow as individuals when they get into a relationship
i enjoyed that part too, since it also shows how hard both of them are working to achieve their dreams
they both want to become successful in their separate areas, but they have to struggle a lot
right. i feel like the review that mentions the cruelty that's involved in following your dreams really sums it up. the film is not afraid to show how much hard work and hardship is involved in making it big
i also thought it was difficult for sebastian to take keith's offer
i mean, he gets paid, but it's not something he wants to do. this happens in life a lot
i agree. it must be hard to do something you're not passionate about- especially when it's something you must do in order to one day live out your dreams
what did you think of the scene when mia and sebastian get into a fight about mia thinking sebastian is giving up on his dreams?
it was definitely well acted, and i sympathize with both of them
but i think sebastian was harsh when he said that mia liked him more when he was unsuccessful
it truly was heartbreaking when mia moved back home to nevada
i feel he didn't want to hear the truth, because he was really giving up on his dreams
it really was sad
i agree. it was also a very unpredictable plot twist. i did not see it coming at all
would you say that was the low point in the movie?
yes but i wouldn't say any part of the movie "sagged badly" as one review claims
i agree - overall, i would recommend the movie to a friend
i agree. as another review points out it was a "genuinely romantic comedy", which i completely agree with because i feel as though sebastian and mia's relationship was not as cliche as many love stories are in movies. i appreciated the realness of their relationship
yes, that was one thing i loved about the movie - while it was sad, it was not a cliche ending
i agree. i think damien chazelle really did a good job directing the film.
i'm curious, are you an ai
if so, i was completely fooled
i am not!
but i really was surprised that someone reviewed sebastian as a "jazz snob" because i did not get that vibe at all
yeah, i disagreed with that characterization, but i can see why someone might say that.
he is a purist, or whatever they called it in the film
i also really didn't think mia's character lacked depth. i think she was a rather round character, especially with the large amount of independence she possessed. it took a lot of courage for her to move back to nevada
yes, i thought her character was pretty nuanced, but i'm not sure it being courageous of her to move back to nevada. after the play didn't go well, i think that was her only option
*about it
i suppose you have a point. i just think she was more independent of the average woman portrayed in films as she didn't cling on to sebastian when things didn't work out for her.
although i wish they reconciled before achieving their dreams
the bit at the end that showed what could have been actually made me sad
i agree! it was very sad but also, as one reviewer puts it quite "bittersweet." i wasn't sure how to feel at the end.
it was nice discussing the film with you! have a great day!
you guys have a pretty good ai system
i was actually completely fooled
hi
hi.  it told me to read this page first so i'll be just a minute.
okay done reading.  is anyone there?
welp i hope i still get paid for this because i read the directions, read the movie description and am waiting here to chat i was directed to do.
the other person back out i am still here wasting my time so i hope that whoever checks this over is willing to pay me for holding up my end of the bargin.  aborting conversation in a min if yall don't send me someone new to chat with.
other participant left the conversation early.
hello
hello
i just watched batman vs. superman, have you seen it yet?
no i haven't
it's the first movie like this with batman and superman together.
that sounds good
batman is played by ben affleck.  he gets tricked into fighting superman.
who plays superman?
henry cavill.  wonder wo man is in it too.
i like him, he's a good actor.
i love wonder woman. who plays wonder woman?
i'm not sure of her name, b ut laurence fishburne and holly hunter are in it too.
i like both of them. the movie sounds good. how long is it?
it's 153 minutes so it's fairly long.  there's a part where bruce wayne/batman seeks out kryptonite in the indian ocean as a deterrent.
it didn't get very good critics scores.
that is a long movie. i enjoy long movies, especially in the theaters. it sounds interesting. what did the critics have to say about it?
cinemascore graded it as a b, rotten tomatoes 4.9/10 and metacritic score was 44/100. one of the critics said it wasn't as good as dark knight but it was better than man of stee.
steel.
wow. those are really low scores! i am surprised at that. usually these types of movies are popular and do well.
yeah, agreed.  in one part of the movie, superman's mom gets kidnapped and the kidnapper demands he kill batman for his mom's release.
and what happens once his mom is released?
she isn't released that way, because batman realizes right before he kills superman that they are both being tricked.  batman ends up rescuing superman's mom, and superman goes after the kidnapper.
does superman have a fight with kidnapper?
and who wins
yes, superman confronts the kidnapper, whose name is luthor, played by jesse eisenberg, on the kryptonian scout ship.
that sounds exciting. is wonder woman in the movie a lot?
luthor gets arrested and then batman goes to visit him in prison.  i don't want to tell you the outcome of the fight because i don't want to ruin the ending.  no, wonder woman doesn't have a very big part.
i love wonder woman! yes, don't give away the outcome because i want to see it!
i think you'll really like it.  i don't always believe the critics, you never know what else is going on with them.
i think i would too. i try not to listen too much to them either. i have seen some really good movies that the critics just rip to shreds.
there may have been a movie coming out the same weekend they were friends with the director or something loke that.
like
well i hope you enjoy it.  if nothing else, it is a must-see just to have batman and superman fighting.
i think i will enjoy it!
okay it's been good chatting with you.  have a great day!
you too!! thank you
okay bye
bye
hey!
hi have you seen dunkirk?
no i haven't
what is it about?
its a war movie directed by christopher nolan. its an awesome film.
oh cool, what war?
world  war ii. it's intense. not a lot of dialogue though.
is it a long movie?
its an hour and 46 minutes long but its so amazing you don't realize how long it is.
oh that's not even that long
are there any well-known actors in it?
no and the way it's filmed is very impressive as well.
is it similar to any other movie?
do you want to see it?
yeah, i like war movies
what year did the movie come out?
i was mistaken. harry styles is in this movie.
i didn't know he was an actor!
is he any good?
it came out last year 2017.
nice
i will have to see it!
yes actually he's good. i was surprised
did he have a big role in the movie?
most definitely worth it. like i said its intense so you are in for a ride.
yeah definitely
so tell me more about the movie
he did. what's crazy is he auditioned and got the part and nolan didn't know he was a famous singer.
no way, really?!
its based on dunkirk's evacuation during wwii.
do you enjoy action movies?
hello
hi
so the movie we're talking about is inception
have you seen it?
what is the movie about? i haven't seen it
the movie is a scientific movie about people who infiltrate the subconscious of individuals and obtain information in the dream world. basically they enter into someone's dreams to find out information.
seems like an interesting movie, have you watched it?
yeah, i've seen it. it's directed by christopher nolan if you've heard of him.
i think he also directed the dark knight among other things
inception also has a rotten tomatoes score of 86% which is really high.
i love his movies, his a pretty good director, what about the cast of the movie?
leonardo dicaprio is in it along with joseph gordon-levitt, ellen page, and tom hardy. all pretty big names.
yeah, pretty good actors.
i like their movies as well
sounds like a good combination
what about the other movie ratings?
imdb rates it 8.8/10
which is also pretty high i think
do you want to know more of the plot or a scene?
yeah it seems like a high rating, what was your favorite scene?
so there's this scene where multiple people are going into a dream. so they need to have someone "kick" them awake at the same time to escape. however, someone gets wounded in the dream  and are almost dying and they get sent into "limbo".
and what happens if the die in the dream? what are the consequences of this
they basically are stuck there until someone can wake them up in the real world. so in the movie, even though it was only a few hours of real time, two of the characters spent fifty years in the "limbo" world, where they had to construct it based on their shared memories.
and whats the role of leonardo di caprio in this film?
im guessing he has the leading role
yeah he's the lead actor. his name is dom cobb and he specializes in conning secrets from victims in their dreams.
one more thing about the "limbo" world is that eventually people forget that the world they are in is not real.
so they can't distinguish between a dream and what is real.
even when they "wake up" in a dream, they are still in the dream even if they don't realize it.
seems like a really interesting concept
im getting interested in the movie
so far the plot seems great and the cast seems pretty good as well
also the director
yeah it's a pretty quality movie
i can tell you more about the plot if you want?
yeah, that would be great
tell me more about it
so there are things called totems
they basically are an object that reminds someone that they are dreaming
something that roots them to the real world
interesting, i think i will give the movie a chance and watch it, it seems worth my while.
have you seen this movie?
yes, i have.
i really enjoyed it. i love revenge movies
i as well, hitman movies are the best!
yes! and keanu reeves did such a great job
he always delivers! this movie had such an authentic b movie feel to it!
yeah! i loved it
i felt crushed when they killed his puppy though
ikr! very violent film, destroyed a lot of stuff - how many black suv's were trashed during the filming of this movie?
hahaha! oh my god. so true! the infamous black suv
i had totally forgotten that john leuizamo was in this movie, he is like the ninja actor that shows up when you least expect it!
oh yeah! that's right. so many great actors in this movie
and they all looked so cool in their mafia suits
the movie has such an authentic criminal world feel to it. (cough cough) not that i would know what the criminal underworld looks like
hahaha uh oh
oh and the mustang was sick!
the scene where the bad guy realizes that they just pissed off wick - priceless
i looooove mustangs
great selection of vehicles for the movie
when a great assassain gets back into the business for revenge, ya'd better watch out! lol
hahah you know it!
it was a really fun movie
all behind a puppy!
i would do the same for my dog in a heartbeat!
extremely  rare gem of a film
who was that lady assassain in the nightclub? extremely beautiful
yeah, i'm surprised it only received a b rating on rotten tomatoes
kept rewinding her scenes! great actress
ms. perkins?
you know, sometimes the critics get it right and other times we just gotta judge for ourselves!
that's her!
yeah i never really trust ratings. we all have different tastes. it's all subjective
that's adrianne palicki
yes! i know her from other stuff, but she was too good in this movie. a great actress always makes you forget your watching a movie!
yeah she was a great character!
up uuuuuuntil she died. she broke the rules.....and rules are rules...lol
that last fistfight though!
what do you think, better than neo vs agent smith?
wick went through the henchmen, and i was shocked when wick allowed himself to get stabbed! i literally said aloud "what are you doing?"
then i said "oh, i see now!" lol
i liked the final fight scene in wick better than the matrix just my opinion.
and of course, at the end, wick gets a new puppy
what happens if the mailman accidentally maces' wicks' new dog? lol
haha sorry my internet got glitchy for second
but yeah! haha pretty funny
hi
:)
heyy
this is my first time i just joined turk not sure how this works
its ok, we just chat right now and answer questions about the article we read
i havent been a turk worker very long either
the page to the left
?
my friend sent me here
have you seen the movie home alone? that is what the article on the left is about
she says its decent she made 4 something her first month
i was glad it was about a movie i have seen...lol
she cracked out on it tho lol
i dont see an article
i see like a thing saying what its about and whos in it
of course ive seen it lol
who hasnt its so old
i picked this one bc its so easy ive seen it so many times
i knew 2 of them i forget the other one tho
on the left side there is an article and it is all about the movie home alone, after you read it we are supposed to discuss it , i think
2 of what ?
it was such a funny movie
you should try to discuss the new paragraph when the document has changed. you will have 3 turns of conversation with your partner on each of the documents. you will be given 4 documents each containing a short paragraph. the new paragraph might show just beneath the previous document. the next document will be loaded automatically after you finish 3 turns discussing the current document. you cannot use information you personally know that is not included there. you can use any information given in the document in the conversation.
oh, i only see one document on home alone
we messed up we only get 3 replies each page.... i think it was an epic movie! lol kevin is my fav character and i think its not fair to call it adult bashing that sounds like a response from a parent whos kid beats their ass lol at the bottom click tasks thats where i found that
john hughes was the director , right ?
i didnt like the adult bashing comment either, i didnt see that. they were robbers
scroll to the bottom of the document... and at the bottom of this chat box it says tasks.... we get 3 chat responses each page we are shown....
ooohhh
see u said ohhh but u didnt add something about the movie.. u wasnted your response lol i hope we still get paid ;lollol side note the mcallister family missed their wake up call bc th epower went out i never caught that in the movie.
did you agree with the rotten tomatoes rating of the movie?
not at all. id give the movie a 10/10 its something i was raised on lol my mom used to put it on to shut me up
the document says its not realistic bc kevin would need tons of money to set those traps... i think thats bs.. his family does have money lollolol everything he used he had laying around his parents giant house
right, i did not agree that they were traps that any 8 year old could come up with. not at all in my opinion
did you like that the movie had a christmas theme?
i also like the scene where kevin slaps his cheeks with the after shave and then screams because it was so unexpected and hilarious
thats true. i dont think an 8 year old would come up with those but i dont think he would have "needed his own money" either i think xmas was perfect they were traveling for the holidays.. i prefer the other one tho where hes stuck in nyc
home alone is a 1990 film! i was born in 1990 lol now i feel old
lol....yes home alone is a 1990 film and i was 15
kate discovers mid-flight that kevin is missing, how stupid llolol made for a funny movie but how can you forget a kid at home lol
i know...i was just thinking about that too, how they had to rush around in the movie because they overslept, and then just counted heads and thought they had kevin. i cant imagine having that many kids that i could ever forget one
you were 15 lollollol omg i was born in feb of 1990 -with two would-be burglars played by joe pesci and daniel stern. i think they were perfect for the part! hysterical
i was just about to say something about the actors who played the burglars....i really enjoyed joe pesci character in the movie.
i do not agree that the first half was flat either. i think it was a great movie from beginning to end
lol you leeeeft me
it sounds like a good movie. it sounds like it is a good monsters inc successor.
i agree. i'm slightly disappointed by the rotten tomatoes score. then again, it is the first time that pixar has made a prequel film.
do you typically watch movies like monster's university?
typically no since i generally like to watch anime. but if the franchise is one i watched when i was a kid. then i usually will make a effort to see it.
and i agree those scores kinda seem rather low.
i understand. just by glancing at the ratings, do you think you'd make an effort to go see the prequel? or would the score discourage you from seeing the film?
id still see it despite bad reviews. i generally like to decide things by myself to see if i like it or not. like if 99% of people say its bad or good. i usually won't follow what i hear. i just go and experience it for myself. and then from there i usually say its cool or  say its bad.
makes sense. i typically only pay attention to the ratings when it's a director who i am familiar with. if i know that their work is usually phenomenal and a particular movie has awful ratings, i usually will wait to hear from friends/family before paying to see it.
also im a fan of comedy movies. so i'll probably enjoy for the memes and jokes.
ya same.
comedy movies are always a must see in my book.
and if im being honest, pixar usually makes good movies so i have good expectations. illumination movies is what im " iffy" about.
i love that monster's university has a fraternity involved. even more so love it because they call it roar omega roar.
mike is 7???? what in the...i never knew that.
ya that name is great.
he's only seven when he goes on the field trip. he goes to college eleven years later. so he'd be eighteen.
i misread that at first too.
ahhh i see well that clears that up.
looks like this movie is pretty heavily based on cartoon fraternities.
yep
i find it odd that pixar has a scene in this movie where sulley tampers with the machine to get better scores. doesn't really promote the whole 'fair play' imagine to their age demographic.
oozma kappa. i can't believe they threw a kappa meme in there.
every movie with a fraternity/sorority always contains 'kappa.' ever notice that?
ya. its pretty much a dead meme.
am i slow for thinking hardscrabble was male until this passage? lol
wonder what cda stands for in this movie. clearly, it's some form of an enforcer but what type of enforcer does a monster have?
idk maybe to make sure they are scary enough.
nope! i thought the same. i think it was because there was no gender context to go off of in the last paragraph.
yeah probably.
well it sounds like a safe movie for the kids.
no, i don't think it's to make sure they're scary enough... the cda has to be some form of a cop as they are removing them off campus due to their expulsion from the university.
although i  expect a few hidden adult jokes cause college and fraternity makes me think they slip one or two in there.
ah i see that would make sense.
i agree. i was skeptical about the cheating portion of the movie as that doesn't coincide  with a kids film and what you'd want to teach the kids at this age level but they do bring in negative reinforcers for the monster's actions,.
true. movies these days are getting so caught up in formulaic tropes that kids pick up on them.
i hope the movie stays fresh and a bit unpredictable.
keep the kids on their toes.
one can only hope.
and still be smart enough to let the parents enjoy it.
a 79% on a kids movie doesn't seem too bad in my opinion after reading the key scenes.
thats why past pixar films in my opinion were so good. and still seem better than movies today.
thats true. i think overall it sounds like a good movie.
hey, what did you  think of the movie?
i like that it is a true story.
yeah, very cool. i loved it but i like con-man films in general. leonardo dicaprio was great.
did you like the movie.
the acting...leo, hanks, walkin...was great.
yeah i thought dicaprio was great. but i think tom hanks made the movie super good.
yeah. and your true story point is good. i wonder what the real frank abagnale is like.
supposibly just like the character played by dicaprrio.
he must be funny. movie was a crack-up. very easy to watch.
i wonder if someone could still get away with something like that today.
probably could become potus these days.
i wonder if the real guy is still alive.
good chance he is. movie wasn't set too long ago.
to think the guy was only 19 years old when he started.
yeah. scorcese is a great director. i like it when great ones take on lighter, funnier plots. no reason to be serious all the time.
hey the guy was convincing enough to get a job with american world airways.
probably helps that he was young. you're braver and more confident at that age.
he was also young when he went to prison.
it is really great that the fbi hired him as a investigator years later.
the twist of ending up working for the fbi is great. reminds me of jfk's dad. he made a fortune insider trading (it was not illegal at the time) and then fdr made him the first commisioner of the sec, where he was great at busting insider traders.
yes. it is almost the same story.
i like martin sheens role.
everyone's a sucker for redemption flicks. this film must have made a fortune.
wellhe made a fortune in the movie.
people say the real guy made a lot of money inventing new ways of stopping cons.
makes sense.
everyone loves a happy ending too.
sort of reminds me of forest gump.
did you stay for the ending? they reveal the real guy then.
during the credits, i mean.
oh yeah. saw the photo of the real guy.
a real good movie.
hey
i had no idea this movie was actually based on a self-help book
hi. oh wow. that is an interesting fact
yeah
love this movie lol. i've watched it so many times, it never gets old.
the social commentary is too funny
well not a big fan of lindsay lohan but i think the movie was fun
love tina fey and amy poehler
i can't believe this movie is already over a decade old though. yeah tina fey wrote the screenplay but not sure what amy poehler did?
yeah it's so crazy haha. makes you feel old
amy poehler was regina george's mom
the document doesn't say this so i can't be sure
quite decent ratings and reviews!
yeah she's not a main character
yeah definitely
(we shouldn't talk about anything not mentioned in the document)
oh yeah.
i thought that would be relevant to the movie haha but yeah let's be safe
scene 1 is hilarious
the descriptions of the plastics are really funny
that was funny the "plastics"
and the queen bee regina george. haha.
haha
the wording of scene 2 is funny as well. i like how they wrote this, it captures the essence of the movie.
so much drama between high school girls. well it's not unusual high school students have drama but they kicked it up a notch
haha yeah definitely
it seems so silly which makes it funny
satirical
i think it's so funny that regina casually breaks her spine and is hit by a bus
well the principal.. when i was watching the movie, i felt for him.. don't wanna be in his position
hahah yeah definitely
ms. norbury handled this well
and ms. norbury and others... it must have been a headache
i like that cady becomes her old self again in scene 3
it makes high school drama seem like a "phase"
and here comes aaron! finally a boy enters the scene. remember the tension when we watched?
haha yeah!
i'm proud of her for reconciling with her friends and becoming elected prom queen, which shows her character development
yes. very nice of her.
nice touch when she said "her classmates are wonderful in their own way"
i'd say that was very mature of her
i agree. i love that she's promoting acceptance and tolerance.
it's a nice way to end the film.
i think we're done!
yes! thanks! it was nice talking to you
hi there! have you ever seen this?
hey! yeah i have but it was a long time ago
what about you
it was a long time ago for me too, but i remember because all the dark knight movies came out afterwards
though they took forever to make those ones... or at least waited forever
i personally liked the dark knight movies way more
especially the first one
yeah, they didnt do a very good job of connecting the storylines
and christian bale wasnt my fav batman either
i don't think too many people like him as batman honestly
the voice he made was almost comical
the best part is he tried so hard on that voice too
hahaha i know
but i cant talk too much because i always get flack for like ben affleck
liking*
affleck>bale
yas someone agrees haha
what about tom hardy in the new ones?
i'd say he did better than both of them
i agree!!!!
its been years but i still can't get over heath ledgers acting as the joker
that was some next level stuff
agreed. it took a lot of good ating to be as good in the role as jack nicholson
oh jeez my typing is awful today. acting*
lol you're fine
im not used to typing without emojis
#firstworldproblems
oh yeah me too. too much texting
you know who i did love in these movies tho?
who?
michael caine
trueeeeee
he does so well as alfred :'d
you can't not like him
mhmm. good in children of men too
didn't he have a cameo in one of the recent superhero movies?
or am i thinking of someone else/
michael caine?
yea
oh god there are so many superhero movies now that i really couldnt tell you
good point lmao
u wanna know one superhero movie that im really excited for
whats that
the incredibles 2!!!
k i just talked about this yesterday
i've waited for soooooo loooooong
i am so excited and its taking way too long
yes!
i will push children out of the way to watch it
right at the end of the movie, we were like when is the next...ten years later...haha
hahahaha
i think we are allowed to end our convo now?
i have no idea honestly
haha well im gonna see, it was lovely chatting!!! have a great day!
hi! how are you? seen any good movies lately?
yeah, frozen
sounds like a cold movie! can you tell me what it's about?
its about two girls anna and elsa
anna is a princess
and elsa is her younger sister
gotcha! is it a movie for children or adults or both?
difficult to say, probably for both
well i like kids movies just as much as adult ones sometimes! did you really enjoy watching it?
well,  its been acclaimed as the best musical made by disney
i'm trying to find a good movie to watch tonight.
sounds like a hit then! disney movies are always excellent.
yeah, its also 3d animated, the visual are really good
even rotten tomatoes gave it 89%
not a bad review for rotten tomatoes! i
is it fairly new or a few years old?
well,  it came out in 2013
so fairly new. at least compared to some of the other disney princess movies!
can you tell me what the basic plot is?
don't give too much away though! i don't want to know the ending!
ahaahah, ok
the plot is really good, magic things, talking animals, its exactly what we want from disney
perfect!
i think i have found my movie for tonight!
thanks so much for your recommendation!
sure, no problem! its also very emotional, so you may need some tissues :)
all the best ones are tear jerkers! i'll be sure to have them handy along with some good snacks.
yeah, the ending is definitely not what you would expect it to be
is it a happy ending at least?
well, you have to see it yourself
not to spoil it
the only hint i will give you is that it gets "political" at the end
true! i hope it's a happy ending! is this a disney movie that has a sequel?
actually, i don't know
well since it's so new they may have not made one yet. but since it had such great reviews i'm sure they will! i
i'll tell you if i enjoyed watching it but i'm sure i will!
good morning
good morning!
have you ever seen the movie 'the blind side'?
have you seen the blind side before?
ha! yes but it's been awhile.
jinx. :)
you?
same for me, it has been a while since i last seen it
i'm surprised it got such low reviews.
i agree, the numbers seem far too low. imdb's score is not listed, however
do you like sandra bullock?
she is quite good in all of her films.
what do you think of her?
i agree. i thought she was really good in this one too.
the guy that played big mike was good too
agreed, they both were quite good
the back story for mike was kind of sad
indeed. it is an interesting story. seeing this boy go from poverty and sleeping on someone's couch to college prospect, and then professional player was inspiring
i'm sure the movie inspired a lot of other young athletes
understandably
i think it's incredible that this family took him in like that
it is incredible. something that is totally lacking in most of the world, to be honest
which is why they had to make a movie about it :)
of course
i would be curious to know where mike is today
he is still in the nfl, i believe
i am not as sure as to what team he plays for, but i am relatively sure that he is still playing
i didn't remember that tim mcgraw was the dad. he's the big country singer right?
he is. i do not remember him much from the movie, which may or may not be a bad thing
alright have a good day!
what was your opinion on the movie?
it does sound pretty interesting and i can see the reviews are pretty high
i personally have watched this movie. i thought it was super cute and it can be related to general life.
are you familiar with any of the actors?
yes the short reviews at the bottom suggest it is thought provoking.
i can't say for sure but gennifer goodwin sounds familiar
have you seen any other movies from the director?
honestly, when i watch movies, i hardly ever pay attention to who made it.
have you?
nope. i am a sucker for movies with animated animals though so i will definitely have to check this out.
yea, judy hopps is the main character and is considered the first ever bunny cop. sounds funny.
agreed. there's a comment at the bottom about species stereotypes which sounds interesting too
but they thought she would be able to handle being a cop  because shes a bunny.
most of the cop or police are normally these big animals.
yep. which to me is a bit counterintuitive because you think of rabbits being a prey species so more likely to run away from trouble.
exactly.
of course the fox has to be the bad guy
actually, he is displayed as the slick fox. always trying to con his way in to something.
but he turns out to be a good guy.
i'm trying to figure out who otterton and manchas are from the new paragraph that flashed up
oh so like another goes away from the norm type of character in the fox
key scene two shows rabbit and fox working together!
otterton is a missing person that judy is trying to find
judy kind of blackmailed nick(fox) in working with her.
i see. it sounds like a movie that has a well developed story line
it was a very good kids movie.
i'm just shocked that it wasn't as big as the disney movies
oh ok. i'm a little bit wary of rotten tomato ratings also
they can sometimes stray quite far from the other review sites of a bunch of very keen reviewers want to bump the score
ok scene three has some drug manufacturing going on!
yes, the drugs make the animals revert to their natural state.
oh so there must be some other force making them break moulds
they become crazy animals again
but this is all while they still think judy is a small cop
so they still dont consider her a strong animal
i see. interesting. hope she gets more respect later with all the arrests
yea she does
would you see this movie?
hello! how are you doing?
i'm not able to see the document that we will be discussing. do you mind telling me what movie it is that we will be talking about?
i don't mean to pester you, but could you please confirm that you are receiving my messages?
i'm sorry, but i am going to have to abort the conversation within the next couple of minutes if i don't receive a response from you.
it has now been five minutes since we began this chat. if i have not heard from you within the next minute, i will have to abort this conversation. i am sorry for any inconvenience that this may cause for you.
it is a film directed by steven spielberg in 2002 it's a bio graphical crime about the character named frank abagnale whom at a young age ran away from home to commit fraud
what is the name of the film?
catch me if you can
i don't think i've ever seen that, but i do remember hearing about it. have you seen it?
yes i've seen it and is very good film
it definitely sounds interesting. i will definitely watch it at some point. why does the character run away from home?
it is starring leonardo leonardo dicaprio as frank abignale whom is a master at check fraud and tom hanks is the fbi agent who chases him
leonardo dicaprio and tom hanks are both incredible actors. what is his reason for running away from home to commit fraud?
he's running away from the character the tom hanks plays as the fbi agent agent who is trying to catch up who's trying to catch him for check fraud, leonardo dicaprio poses as a pan am american pilot
now that you mention it, i remember seeing the trailer for this and really wanting to see it.
yeah it's definitely a very suspense field film and if you like leonardo dicaprio you will very much enjoy this film
any film that i've ever seen with him in it was really good. it's ironic that you mention him because for some reason, i've been in the mood to watch titanic.
has another movie now shown up on your end for us to discuss?
this movie was really good i think it should have earned leonardo dicaprio the oscar that he will deserves. this movie is definitely well watching it has tom hanks and leonardo dicaprio and it is very suspense field and will keep you on the edge of your seat the whole
no other than that you mentioned titanic
i like movies that keep me on the edge and that are suspenseful.
which titanic is one of my favorite leonardo dicaprio movies ever
i think you would really enjoy this movie and you should give it a watch
me, too. i also really like black diamond. catch me if you can will absolutely be the next movie that i watch.
i have never seen black diamond does that also star leonardo dicaprio
do you know if leonardo dicaprio was nominated for an oscar for this movie?
oh, i'm sorry. i meant blood diamond. blood diamond does star leonard dicaprio, yes.
the only movie that i know of that leonardo dicaprio was nominated for oscar wasthe movie named revenant
oh yes i have seen blood diamond in that was a very good movie as well
gotcha. i think he deserves a lot more than that.
i agree it is sad that it took them this long to actually earn his oscar although the movie the revenant was quite
amazing
i agree as well. given that catch me if you can was released in 2002, i doubt he'll earn an oscar for that. any time that i see that a movie will be starring him or even that he'll be in, i'm always interested in watching it.
yes me as well he's a very good actor and deserves a lot more credit than what he has gotten
if you are a leonardo dicaprio fan i suggest you also watch a film he starred in called inception
i completely agree. you have definitely convinced me to watch catch me if you can. thank you for providing me with all of the information about it. do you happen to know if it is available on netflix?
i've actually seen inception, and it is a great movie!
i wish it was available on netflix but i'm not very sure that it is i have rented it from my movie store that is close to my home
okay. well, thank you for all of the information. it looks like we are finished up with our chat. thank you again for providing me with the information about the movie! have a great night.
yes inception is a great film and leonardo dicaprio and joseph gordon levitt star in that film
i know. i love them both, and i love that movie.
dude
what's good?
hey
you told me you would review a movie with me the last time we talked
so you have my full attention
bring it on
have you seen batman vs superman?
nope
why not?
but i almost saw the trailer sometimes back
maybe because i don't fancy them
so what's up with the movie?
haven't you heard that it is a great movie?
yeah, i hear that too often
i guess it is a sci-fi genre right?
not really
so what genre does it belong?
it's more of a fantasy, you should go see it it, it is action packed.
what is the genre?
fantasy
remind me the director's name please,
is there a particular reason you have not seen it yet?
no not any
can you give me a run down of the cast?
why? why didn't the tr ailer interest you?
batman vs superman
the director is zack snyder, 27% rotten tomatoes, 4.9/10.
not very popular it seems
but the audiences liked it. it has a b cinema  score
yes
there is a huge divergence between proffession al critical opinion and regular movie goers
i've never seen it
i know the difference.
i can't believe they used ben affleck as batman
so it probably won't get any awards, but should have done well enough at the box office
it was a strange choice
well it was made in 2016
i'm just guessing as to what it may have accomplished back then
probably nothing with those scores
the box office  gross is more important than critics acceptance for these blockbuster type movies
i don't like how they made a whole new story line.
they ruined it for me
although critics can affect word of mouth to an extent
batman as a billionaire
yeah right!
isn't that what he always was?
but they make it the main focus.
batman i know, was humble
the lack of intellectual development for the main characters was my problem. especially concerning lex luthor
have you seen this movie?
yes i have
what was your favorite part?
lex l uthor was the worse villain ever
you think?
this wasn't a memorable movie. it got me through a bucket of popcorn at the moment i was watching, but you forget about it soon after
hahaha
did people know that they were super heroes?
the best part was wonder woman action scenes  in the final act
i love wonder woman
wonder woman is the right name for her cause i always wonder why they took so long to get her into the movies
haha
i agree!!!!
let's get started.
have you ever seen the movie john wick?
yes, with that actor who was in the matrix flicks.
yes, that's the one.
what did you think?
i thought it was his best film.
i don't see a paragraph about a movie. is anyone else in here?
hi! have you seen the movie the imitation game?
i haven't. what's that about?
it's a 2014 american historical drama about real life cryptoanalyst alan turing.
do you like biopics? if you do this movie might interest you.
it sounds interesting. what does alan turing do?
he decrypted german intelligence codes for the british government during wwii.
it has 91% rating on rotten tomatoes and average 7.7/10 and a metacritic score of 73/100. what ratings does a movie have to have for you to watch it? or do you not consider ratings when deciding to watcha movie?
hello
hi, do you think  this movie earned its 92& rotten tomatoes rating?
yes, i think it did, it was a great movie.  what do you think of robert downey jr in that role?
hi
hello
so what did you think about jaws
i think the movie is a classic
yes i enjoyed the horor elements
yea i was really spooked when i first saw the film as a kid
i really love how the shark is a big threat to them
yea and they had planes and everything and the shark was like godzilla haha
so what's next
it seems like jaws may not get another movie
really? i thought they were making all sorts of remakes
i did not here about that and also  scene on the beach was very scarey
for me when the guys were trapped on the boat was what i found most scary
lots of places that i would be very scared to be at in real life
maybe if there were sharks
yeah lol
i try to stay away from the water myself to avoid sharks i dont find surfing to be worth the risk
yeah i can't swim at all so it is out of the picture for me
so water is always a fear of mine
yea
i do like watching the waves
surprised how they needed a professional to catch the shark
all they needed was a bunch of guys with beer and guns lol
yeah
seems funny lol
wonder where the next page gonna appear
maybe 5mins
quint died right at the end too
that was dumb of them to try and use a strychnine on the shark
it was a good movie though
hello! do you like comedy, adventure, and animation movies?
yes i like all of those genres. what do you think about the rating of this movie?
i think the ratings are good. rotten tomatoes gave it an 89% and cinemascore gave it an a+
yes same here. it was very popular kids all wanted frozen themed everything. the story line was different from other princess movies
yes, i thought it was a great disney movie with very cute characters
what do you think about the cast? kristen bell is one of my faves.
i think the cast is great with idina menzel who has a beautiful voice
she was great, very distinctive voice. i think olof was the funniest.
i was very impressed with the animation and how pretty the whole movie was
the art was very nice, especially the ice castle scene.
it was in 3d. do you watch movies in 3d or 2d usually?
when i can catch the movies in 3d i try to watch them. it's a different experience but can easily ruin a movie. what do you think
i agree. it depends on the movie and the seats too
i thought it was sad when the parents died at sea
i like the rock family they were cute.
do you think it will end up on b roadway?
i think it will. the songs were so catchy
i like that the hero in the movie is elsas younger sister and not the typical prince.
me too. i like that it was about family and sisters too.
same here and being that i have two i could relate to how they felt about each other.
i argree. i did not like hans
who was your favorite character?
he was horribe, i did not like how he tried to make ana the villain. but i did appreciate kristoff and how helpful he was.
my favorite character was olof. how about you?
i liked anna. she was precious
did you like the ending
what were your thoughts about the scene when hans locked up elsa  in that room.
it was scary. i was surprised since she liked hans so much at the start
yes i loved the ending, i liked that the town saw that elsa was not as bad as hans made her to be, and that kristoff and ana ended up together
me too.
he was a character the deception was great
hello!
hi
have you seen this movie?
yes.
my boys love it!
i've watched it a lot of times.
it is such a cute movie
who is your favorite character in despicable me?
i like kevin
who did you like
i like him too. my favorite is lucy wilde
i like gru too. he tries to be such a tough guy
yeah, he is a supervillain and admired by minions.
i like how the minions  all have a little different personality
who is the other minions you know aside from kevin?
bob
what was the other main character? do you remember.
oh, i like bob too. i also like the personality of other minions.
i also remember victor and dr. nefario.
those girls really have gru wrapped around their finger.
lol, victor was the funny.
yeah, victor was really funny too. when was the last time you watched this movie?
probably like 6 months ago
i liked that the little guys win.
just goes to show that size doesn't matter
oh, that was a long time ago. i watched it just last week. it was a 2010 movie but i love to watched it all over again.
wow! yeah, it's been awhile for me!
what is your favorite part of the movie?
when gru gets his girls back. they really bring a while new meaning to his life.
he would be so lost without the
*them
i love that part too.
my favorite part was when the minions is looking for a super villain.
yeah, that was a great part too
do you think they'll make another one
yeah, of course. despicable me is a box office hit.
sure, they will have a sequel.
have a nice day!
hey, you too!
ready when you are
have you seen the new wonder woman movie with gal gadot. it's got a pretty high rotten tomatoes score, 96%?
wow that is a good score. who plays the main character?
i haven't seen it by the way.
is gal gadot the main character?
gal gadot. i haven't seen her in anything before, but apparently she's "an inspired choice".
to play diana.
is the movie action packed?
do you know any of the supporting characters' names?
quite so. it's set during world war i and is describes as not demurring from depicting from war time violence
whats its rating as far as kids go?
is it pg-13?
i'm not sure. you should check that out online for sure. it seems like a pretty good movie for a tomboy. did you know the movie is directed by a woman? patty jenkin's the first woman to direct a live action theatrical movie.
how did it do at the box office?
i'm not sure. but based on the high scores, i'm sure it did well.
and my fave guy, chris pine co-stars. he plays a pilot, how dreamy.
he is dreamy. any other big stars?
robin wright plays antiope, her sister.
has she won any awards recently?
i don't really pay attention to award shows, so that's not something i would know. i love robin wright though, i hope they include her in other marvel movies. i think she would have actually been a good wonder woman.
are there other marvel characters in the movie?
nope, but i do get chris pine confused for another marvel character though.
i can not believe the movie did not get higher rating it was funny
i completely agree. the punch lines were great.
russell brand was a great choice to play dr. nefario.
i totally agree
did you see the movie in 3d it was really good
it's definitely a movie for all ages.
i saw it in 3d in the theater and have seen it many times in it's regular format at home.
it is a favorite among my children.
this is kind of hard there is only so much you can talk about
i agree.
the paragraphs give you limited information to talk about, it's much easier to speak of personal experiences with this movie.
i am glad the movie at least recieved an a score for cinemascore.
yeah i agree ,
the moon thing was funny
the moon thing was hilarious.
it's such a great and ridiculous super villian idea.
well you know you can not trust the banker he is paying to steal the moon
very true. i love that it's the bank of evil. that cracks me up. it's perfect for the movie.
i also really enjoyed vector as a villain. stealing the pyramid was hilarious.
i like pixar fims
i do too. they are generally as amusing for adults as they are kids.
i love the scene when the girls interrupt the video chat. it's so typical of kids.
hey the play with the girls with the cookies at vectors house was smart
it was such a great idea.  perfect ploy.
oh the theme park was funny
i loved seeing gru really develop love for the girls over time. it was very adorable and heart warming.
you just knew the girls were going to interrupt the meeting their kids
i loved the scene when gru has to rescue the girls.
oh yeah i agree
and the moon getting bigger in vector's ship was hilarious.
i also loved all of the interactions between dr. nefario and any other character. they were hilarious. russell brand really was the perfect choice for him.
it was very touching when the girls offered the money from their piggy bank
it was. it was so sweet. and the minions were so loyal to gru as well. it was adorable.
i was happy vector got stuck on the moon
as was i. it was an excellent way for him to end up. fitting for how pouty and childish he was the entire time.
yead definately a spoiled child well i just counted and the conversation and it has been 15 comments we should be done with the task
hi
do you like frozen?
i love frozen!
i love frozen yogurt! but also this movie :)
lol!  i cant wait for the second movie of frozen to release
what is your favorite character?
anna because shes independent!
yours?
i like elsa
she reminds of my friend of the same name
also the character designs are cool
thats cool! anna reminds me of my girls - they are red-heads too
do you like the songs?
of course - who doesnt!  we still sing them around our house!
that is awesome!
the first time we saw frozen was on a disney cruise ship
what's your favorite?
i love let it go but also in summer - especially now since its so cold!  whats your favorite
i don't remember
do you have a favorite part of the movie
the snowman is a funny character
he is hilarious.
olaf?
yes
do you have a favorite scene?
i really like the scene with the trolls.  the ending also gets me every time when elsa saves anna.
whats yours
the ending is great
the scene with the trolls too.
i hope the trolls are in the second movie more
haha maybe they will have their own spinoff movie
that would be cute too
nice chatting to you. have a good day!
you too
hi
hello
i've seen this movie before
i have not i  heard it was good though
i like any movie that has leonardo dicaprio tho
yes, it is hard to understand in the beginning but you get hooked later on
is it an action movie?
yes
it's a thriller/science fiction movie
oh ok.
hello there!
hey
so tell me a little bit about this movie :)
have you seen the movie frozen?
i actually have not...but i've heard let it go too many times for comfort.
how do you feel about the movie? care to share a little bit?
they say its the best animated movie disney has put out since beauty and the beast
i think it was a great movie. the songs are adorable. good for kids. even the critics liked it
hmm i think i'll have to check it out. so i can at least say that i've seen it then ! :)
yes. its a story of two princesses. elsa and anna
who doesn't like princesses? whats the story line like?
princess elsa has magic powers but is insecure about since she injured her sister when they wonder. it became to much and she ran away
well that's depressing
their parent died and ana has to find her sister so they can run the country together.
so what's the storyline?
well elsa runs away after their parents died. ana goes on this journey to find her sister and help her sister control her magic so they can return home. its a cute movie for the kids
sounds interesting. maybe i'll kidnap one of my nieces or nephews and.watch it with them. thanks!
they will love it. theres even a love story within the plot as well. everyone loves a prince and princess love story
haha i guess that's true. i do prefer realism but i do appreciate that disney throws in adult concepts in children's stories that go right over children's heads
haha yeah they always do that dont they
rented it online. it's a party!
lol almost makes me want to watch it again
so, now i guess we just hang out until they let us proceed! let it good!
let it go* ... lame.
haha. as much as ive heard the movie songs i still enjoy it from time to time
i just remember my niece's birthday. must've heard that song 200 times...in a row
me too. i like the charatcter olaf. i see him everywhere. hes a talking snowman. he becomes one of their friends. very cute
there can only be one neighborhood snowman, and that's frosty! :o
lol frosty is a classic. but olaf  is really small so frosty stil has that title
hello!
what is the name of the movie?
despicable me is the name of the movie
you should watch it. it has an a cinema score
do you like animation movies?
?
i do like anmation movies
what is the movie about?
the movie is about a megalomanical rogue supervillian named gru
oh nice. who is gru voiced by?
gru is voiced by steve carell
what rotton tomato score did it get>
it got a 81% on rotten tomatoes and an average of 6.8/10
i think it was better than that for a comedy. do you like movies that are good for all ages?
wow thats pretty good
so both parents and adults would like it?
yes! it is good for parents and kids.
so what is the movie about? what happens in the movie?
the supervillain, gru, has a rivalry with another villain named vector after he steals the great pyramid.
ooh interesting
who is vector voiced by?
vector is voiced by jason segel
oh nice
so what else happens?
gru steals a shrink ray fro m vector and becomes responsible for some children named margo, edith, and agnes
what does he do with the shrink ray?
he steals it because  he wants to steal the moon when it is nearest to the earth
oh goodness
this movie sounds really funny
what do the critics say about it?
critics said that is has "despicable me is a 3d cartoon comedy of whiplash-quick laughs, funny punch lines and a wickedly gimmicky appreciation for 3d."
i bet the 3d would be fun to see it it
in*
do you generally watch 3d movies?
not usually, but i would be interested
the ending is very cute too. i liked how there is a mid-air rescue
hi
hi are there any good movies out?
yes have you ever seen a batman movie
yes, i love batman movies! who is the actor?
it was christian bale
oh wow, i love him. is there a lot of action in the movie?
yes it was a darker take on batman it explored batman's damaged mind
wow. does the joker play an important role in it?
no i think it was scare crow
oh okay. is it a long movie?
i would say about a hour and a half
that's not too bad.
would you like to hear a bit about the plot
i really want to watch this movie i think
sure!
ok it starts with bruce as a child
ah okay. are his parents alive?
also, what is the name of this movie?
they get kill at the movies after bruce wants to leave
batman begins
okay. does bruce want to  seek revenge for the death of his parents?
yes but someone kills the guy first
okay. does bruce inherit a lot of money from his parents?
yes and he goes and travels the world
to learn how to fight injustice
oh okay. who teaches him how to fight?
a man named ra's al ghul
but it turns out that he was evil and wanted to burn gotham down
oh ok i think i remember that
so is bruce loved by the people of gotham?
i think  so
i will let you see the rest for yourself
thanks for the chat
thanks
all the best
hey
so are we ready to talk about this movie?
yes..
ok well overall i thought this movie was pretty good.
its very action movie, i like this movie so much
yea, it actually does a nice job of giving all of the characters stuff to do and doesn't feel like to much is going on
yes., its all are done a good job..i saw this movie in  4 times..
ive seen it quite a few times also
okay,,.who is director of the movie??
joss whedon
he doesn't do marvel movies now he's moved on
okay thanks for your information..
no problem, i feel like this movie really launched chris hemsworth as a big deal
yes sure..its really big deal on chris hemsworth
i also think this movie has kind of served as a template for newer super hero movies
the all star cast really helped too
not sure you could do a movie better than this one for this style
yeah..but previous super hero acting is very well and adorable..
well all depends on the movie
this movie also may have done the best job out there on getting the hulk right
yes..hulk act is marvelous in this movie
it also does a nice job of making iron man a leader
overall just a really good display of the characters
yes..its all super heroes action equally displayed
yea it works out pretty well
i feel like this is kind of the super hero movie that does it all right
yes.. really
hopefully they keep getting it right
yeah..when you watch this movie??
what do you think of gal gadot as wonder woman?
i do too
i was very impressed with both of them, what about frozen?
i thought they actually did a very good job bringing the story to life in a different way
yeah i couldn't agree more with you.
did you have any favorite parts? characters?
disney does a impressive job with animated movies.
they really do. its amazing how much detail they put into them.
jonathan gross as  kristoff was my favorite character.
how about yours?
even though he didn't have a voice i liked sven. i love how disney always puts in non talking characters in their films that help move the story along
yeah its impressive how they can give a character lots of personality without even having a voice.
i can only wish i was that talented as an artist. i am more the stick figure type of artist
thats about as much talent as i have when it comes to art as well haha.
my kids laugh at me all the time about it
from what i'm reading they created a frozen broadway show. that would be great to take your kids to!
hello, are you there?
yes
is this the same person ive been talking to?
are you still around?
yep still here
did you get the new document
i would be curious to see if htey come out with another frozen
usually sequels can be disappointing but that doesn't seem to be the case with animated movies.
i think it could be really successful, especially as there has been a good break in time since the first one came out
it is interesting that disney was able to add onto the history of works such as beauty and the beast
hello
hello
have you seen the movie frozen?
yes i have, i actually saw it in theatres with my fiance at the time it came out.
did you like it?
yes, it is a funny animation film.
i agree. i saw it in theaters too
i enjoy almost anything that disney produces
the critical response was pretty good i see. \
i heard they are making a second movie to follow frozen
it only got an 89 percent on rotten tomatoes. i thought it would get a higher score.
i don't much care for review sites, i would rather watch a movie and judge it myself.
i agree with the cinemascore of a+
me too, i love the artwork and time that goes into animation and c.g. movies
it seems like this movie just came out. i cannot believe it was 2013 when it arrived in theaters.
yeah, so much attention and popularity has kept it alive in stores as toys, shows and other items.
who is your favorite character in frozen?
it either has to be sven or christophe
kristoff*
do you know who kristen bell is?
i know of her, but not familiar of her other acting jobs.
i like the villain. i thought he was funny.
yeah, something was up when they fell for each other early in the movie between him and anna
olaf could be a bit much sometimes, but had some funny parts
yeah, i did not even guess he would have been a bad guy
i think i called it during the movie and said something to my fiance about how redheads are always portrayed as badguys.
good point. i didn't even think of that
he looks like the villian commander from the newer star wars movies.
what rating would you give the movie out of ten?
i think an 9, it was a great movie, even if the music is overplayed
bye!
what is your opinion on the movie jaws?
to be honest, i find shark movies to be terrifying.
i can't say i blame you. the movie definitely makes that fear worse!
did you know that this film was based on a book?
no, i didn't. not surprised though. most movies tend to be.
i do love the jaws music though.
agreed, it heightens the tension and makes it scarier, but that's kind of the point.
are you surprised at how high the rating is for the film's critic score? and if i heard the music while driving, i would think someone was coming to take me out. haha
97% is incredibly high, i would have thought that there would be at least some people throwing low scores in there somewhere.
do you agree that it's a "cheerfully perverse" scare movie?
that's what i thought as well. maybe it's because it was never done before in it's time and was so different when it came out? it might be easier to "give it a pass"   and i would say it could be "cheerfully perverse" depending on the kind of movies you enjoy.
do you think that it "is too gruesome for children"?
for small children, yes. i could see them having nightmares.
i definitely agree with that. i do find it odd that it is considered a "thriller" film.
i think it's interesting that in the key scenes it describes the economic impact on a beach town of the shark attacks. makes you wonder if they'd cover something like that up to make more money in real life.
in today's society, i think that would absolutely be the case. even if there was a bounty hunter hired, they would probably go, "nothing to see here, have fun!"
i find it interesting that they put it in a fictional "new england resort town". you would think they would've picked somewhere in california since there's so many beaches and how huge it is.
agreed, there typically aren't many shark attacks in new england, usually further south or on the west coast.
i can't imagine i would keep going to the beach as a tourist if lots of people kept turning up dead.
i agree. the movie is kind of silly the more you think about it. especially when people keep believing the town and beach team that everything is fine. yet people keep dying? i guess they want you to suspend disbelief. haha.
or you would think that tourists would join in on the bounty to make the money.
i wasn't aware that there were so many different types of sharks so near to the shore.
the key scens describes both a tiger shark and a great white.
i wonder if the mayor is paid off somewhere in the town or gets a cut of the beaches being open? he's far to adamant about keeping them open.   and i always thought tiger sharks were smaller.
i always think of great white's as the huge "jaws" sharks.
it seems odd that they don't ask a scientist or marine biologist at some point to intervene.
even the last key scene describes a pretty limited plan to hook the shark or harpoon it.
i agree. they have an "oceanographer" to help determine a shark attack. but no scientists ever get brought in to help the situation.
it seems like a pretty poor plan, and they end up having to make it up as they go along.
it seems crazy that a shark could take out a "shark-proof" cage.
plus, the reward of only $10,000 seems pretty low to risk lives.
maybe it was worth a lot more in 1975?
i agree. not worth it to me. i'll go on vacation in nyc instead and avoid the shark. haha.
and it was definitely worth more in 1975. i just don't know how much.
what did you think of gal gadots portrayal of wonder woman?
i thought she did a great job.
what did you think?
i agree! loved it.
i thought she was a great choice.
me too!
she was unknown to me before.
do you know if she was in anything before wonder woman?
so, what else did you like?
i didn't know billy crystal was the voice of mike but i love it!
steve  buscemi is in this too?
yes he is! i'm guessing you've seen monsters university?
i did when it came out years ago, just never thought to look at the voice acting.
when did you see it?
hello, how are
you doing?
hi!  i'm doing well, thanks!
so, what did you think of the blind side?
i love sports documentaries, so i favored this movie. h ow about you?
it was quite good.  i'm not surprised it got such good reviews on cinemascore
same here. it is a little odd that it got lower reviews on other platforms like metacritic. i take it you like sports docs too?
yes, very much.  it's surprising how much adversity oher had to overcome, don't you think?
yeah, it must've been really difficult on him. i wonder how he felt having to relive his experience through the movie. i don't know how i would handle it.
did you like sandra bullock in the movie?
yeah, bullock was great.  although, she's a great actor so i think she does well in most of her roles
totally agree. easy to see why the critics applauded her performance
any thoughts on any of the other actors? i had forgotten tim mcgraw was in the movie, haha
i thought quinton aaron was very good, too.
it must have been tough to go through foster care so much, but i think it's good that oher found something to latch on to in football.
yeah, he certainly excelled in it. i think he was able to apply his protective qualities in his personality to football
definitely.  he was also very lucky to finally find a good foster family.  it's super difficult to find a good family that cares about their foster kids.
yeah, i would imagine that it's hard. i feel like that's why it was such agood movie. nothing seemed to be all that good in his life until he found a family that would treat him like one of their own
what do you think of the idea of "protective instincts" and how it influenced oher's behavior?
i remember he ranked very high when he was taking his career test. it definitely translated well into his efforts in football. do you think that helped his family as well?
i'm sure it did.  it's ironic, though, that he has such strong protective instincts when he was abandoned by his mother. do you think he was overcompensating?
how did you feel about the scene where collins adopts oher?
as for being overcompensating, that he was not. i think that was built naturally in him, where he was not consciously  trying to do it.
how did you feel about the scene where collins adopts oher?
i think leighanne's friends were concerned that collins would not be safe around him.
i think that was probably a tough choice for the family to make as a whole.
do you think going to ole miss was a good decision?
yeah in the long run, he felt like he had family there. do you think that he meant his mother at all in that choice?
probably not because she was a drug addict.  i think he was referring to his adopted family.
how do you think the gang leader in his old town affected him?
i think that was what grew his protective instincts even more. he was worried what might happen to his adoptive family when leigh anne and collins were threatened by the gang leader.
do you think he made the right decision to fight back?
yeah, definitely, you have to protect yourself!
absolutely, i think he felt more of a connection with his adoptive family than with his own!
definitely, and who wouldn't.  i don't understand why people are so connected to their blood relatives if they weren't around to be part of their family
yep. it seems like the tuohy family accepted him and made him feel like he belonged there with him.
good conversation, thanks for chatting!
hi
see any good movies lately?
hello?
hey! not really, i just batman vs. superman. the 27% rotten tomatoes score is fitting.
oh, i havent seen that one, tell me more
why was it so bad?
well, it's the sequel to man of steel. there's a lot of meaningless action and not much else.
hello.
hi, have you seen the john wick movies?
i have seen the first one but i have not seen the second one.
the next one is great where he goes after his car that was stolen.
that sounds interesting.  i will make plans to the see the 2nd john wick movie.  what was the topic of the movie that you read about?
he was seeking revenge for the theft of his car and the killing of his puppy.
what person was he seeking revenge against?
losef the son of the head of the tarasov syndicate, took the mustang to aurello's shop to get the vin number changed and aurello kicks him out of the shop and tells john.
how did john go about getting his revenge?
john wanted to retire but was drawn back in to get revenge.
does john get any help getting his revenge?
john visited aurello who tells him losef  is the son of  viggo.
who is viggo?
john learns that losef is at the night club from winston of the continental, he prepares to get losef. he is the son of viggo who is the head of the russian syndicate in new york.
why doesn't viggo just give losef to john?
john travels to little russia where viggo has a church front. he destroys the cache of money and blackmail making material,
losef is his son and does not want jon to kill him.
why doesn't viggo just pay for john's new car and buy him a new dog to save his son?
they tried to kill john so he was after the whole sindicate and raced to the helicopter that viggo was trying to escape in.
i think this is the one you saw.
i don't remember much of the plot from the first movie.  i do remember john wick  killing everyone in bullet filled ballet.
i loved the end where he takes out viggo being stabbed. he then goes to a veterinarian and treats his self and takes a pit bull puppy scheduled to be euthanized.
i do remember that part.  i enjoyed the ending of the movie.
the part where he walks home along the boardwalk with the puppy and rembers that is where he had his last date with helen.
who is helen?
she was his wife that died.
how did she die?
hi
hey there.
how is movie
i don't know. i don't have the document with the movies name. what is the movie's title?
do you have the document?
avengers
characters are very interestings
ya i have document
oh cool! i really liked the first two movies.
really
is it the same cast of characters? iron man? thor? black widow? captain america?
missing hulk name
oh yeah! forgot about the hulk. does it say what the movie is going to be about? like the plot?
tony stark acting is very amazing
i agree! robert downey jr. is a good actor.
what is this new avengers movie about?
do u like him
i do.
me also
does the document describe who the enemy is?
s
who is that person
who is the enemy in the movie?
iloki
loki
ah i see! thor's brother. have you seen the first two films?
he is the leader of an chitauri
when will the movie be released?
ya i saw
2012
did it receive good reviews?
u also ah
hi! so what did you think of the 1990 comedy home alone?
hello. i like it. it's very interesting and hilarious to me seeing joe pesci in a movie like this since i know him form the more serious movies he did.
very true! he nailed the role of harry! all of the actors did! was he your favorite actor in the film?
macaulay culkin is my favorite in the movie. it was so fun just watching him outsmart 2 grown men.
agreed! he was my favorite as well! i can't help but agree with cinemascore's rating of a as that would be the rating i'd give the film as well!
yes this is a christmas classic and deserves an a rating. i feel the critic that described the movie as having an implausible plot is taking the movie more seriously than the creators of the movie intended it to be.
very well said! some of the critics were out of their minds. especially the one you described as well as the one who called the first half "flat and unsurprising".
yes i found the first half very entertaining. i haven't seen this movie in a little wow i might go back and watch it
i feel you! so hard to believe it was released in 1990!
i like the quote "sadistic festival of adult-bashing". between's kevin's parents forgetting him and the burglars this movie doesn't make adult looks too bright.
that is true! ha! pesci and stern did a great job acting the part as adults who weren't very bright! john hughes wrote the movie perfectly!
i related to the character kevin being made fun of  by his family since kids deal with that all the time. the part of the movie always always hits a soft spot for me.
same here! i honestly felt bad for kevin at first seeing as how he was ridiculed by his siblings/cousins before being left behind. like you, i could relate as well to the ridicule aspect of it.
i wonder what kind of job kevin's dad worked that he could afford to fly that many people to paris for christmas. i blame him for all of this!
that is true! and plus they housed the entire family the night before their departure.
how much of rush do you have to be in to forget a whole human being. i guess nobody in the mccallister family was an early bird either. alarms didn't always exist.
no kidding! i wonder that as well! then they don't even realize he's missing until kate discovered it during the middle of their flight. so awful!
i couldn't imagine anything other than my child being in danger convincing me to hitch hike with a polka band. i found that part very funny.
same here - and in a moving van at that. that was incredibly hilarious!
imagine going through the trouble of flying halfway across the world for a holiday and not even being able to enjoy your time on the trip. that wouldn't be good at all for me i would be so mad.
i know, right? at that point, i felt sorry for kate as well. then on top of that, you can only land a flight to scranton and while there, all flights to chicago were booked. talk about stressful!
for sure very stressful. i wonder what the family was thinking back in paris at the apartment of kevin's uncle.
their vacation was certainly ruined while kevin was in the process of rigging up their house with booby traps for harry and marv! that was a hilarious scene as well!
kevin was a kid genius. rigging up the house like mini macgyver. of course seeing marv and harry get tricked was very funny. thank god marley got there before kevin got hurt.
you're right! thankfully he did get there just in time and the cops came shortly after to arrest harry and marv!
i love seeing the whole family reunited at the end. having kevin realize he didn't want his family to go away was very touching.
it was - especially after he sees the family was still gone on christmas day at first before kate entered the house calling for him.
i do find it a little interesting that no one informed the family about the events that took place while they were gone. i would figure the police might be interested to talk to kevin's parents.
i agree but it was hilarious when buzz yelled "kevin what did you do to me room?" and kevin ran off at the end. i enjoyed discussing home alone with you today!
hi. just looking at this now.
hola, ando leyendo
who played hawkeye?
hey let me remember that
what role did robert downey jr play?
ok, so i am looking for robert downey jr. 's role and who played hawkeye. do you know?
is one of the main characters of the plot
do you know who wrote and directed 'the avengers?'
stan lee and  jack kirby
joss whedon
the publisher marvel comics
oh !
do you know the rotten tomatoes score?
no, tell me about that
tell me that you know about this movie
92% with an average of 8/10 interesting
do you know who thor's brother is in this film?
really no, i dont know tell me that
loki. the team of captain america, the hulk, and thor, along with iron man are trying to stop loki.
you here?
mark ruffalo played the hulk. did yo know that?
ah, i understand it's quite complex and the three main characters have a mission
i liked the movie because of the mission you mention. did you like it?
i'm just reading about it
ok
i'm really interesting and it's a classic
i guess a wormhole opened to let loki through to the earth.
the wormhole is called atesseract. that's hard to say and spell.
that hole that he found was quite exciting
a movie critic said the the hulk was played like he was a reservoir of calm but then became a volcano. i agree.
143 minutes for a movie is long these days
are you there and reading the document. tell me about your impression of how long the movie is please
i understand
why let chat
just i lose my conexion
hello.
hi there.
have you ever seen this
yes
i never saw it, i’m not really into that type of movie
what type do you prefer
comedy
eh i'm not a fan
this movie has some great actors
haha. it's animated!
oh i just saw that!
yeah, they're voice actors.
still good tho
i think i tried watching this with my son before
and he didn't like it?
no i believe he did
ah nice
i don't have kids
i just wasn’t paying much attention to it
yeah it's more of a kids' movie
nice of you to watch with him though!
is it 3-d
yes
oh..that might be interesting to see in theater
i honestly just go for the popcorn haha
maybe i will try to watch it again with him
sure give it a shot
why not?
me too! i love the popcorn!
my waistline doesn't ;)
the plots sounds good and it got pretty ok reviews
yeah good rotten tomatoes score
it’s the butter for me!
hello?
hello
hello
have you seen the movie frozen?
yes i have, i actually saw it in theatres with my fiance at the time it came out.
did you like it?
yes, it is a funny animation film.
i agree. i saw it in theaters too
i enjoy almost anything that disney produces
the critical response was pretty good i see. \
i heard they are making a second movie to follow frozen
it only got an 89 percent on rotten tomatoes. i thought it would get a higher score.
i don't much care for review sites, i would rather watch a movie and judge it myself.
i agree with the cinemascore of a+
me too, i love the artwork and time that goes into animation and c.g. movies
it seems like this movie just came out. i cannot believe it was 2013 when it arrived in theaters.
yeah, so much attention and popularity has kept it alive in stores as toys, shows and other items.
who is your favorite character in frozen?
it either has to be sven or christophe
kristoff*
do you know who kristen bell is?
i know of her, but not familiar of her other acting jobs.
i like the villain. i thought he was funny.
yeah, something was up when they fell for each other early in the movie between him and anna
olaf could be a bit much sometimes, but had some funny parts
yeah, i did not even guess he would have been a bad guy
i think i called it during the movie and said something to my fiance about how redheads are always portrayed as badguys.
good point. i didn't even think of that
he looks like the villian commander from the newer star wars movies.
what rating would you give the movie out of ten?
i think an 9, it was a great movie, even if the music is overplayed
bye!
one of my favorite movies of all time
mine too! i still get nervous going into the ocean
so do i! it freaks me out, big time
i know.i think this was one of speilbergs best films.
most definitely
i love all of them, so i can't say that i have a favorite
i love richard dreyfus and his matt hooper was fabulous. did he get nominated or win an oscar for that role?
i'm not sure. if he didn't, he sure deserved it
i find it interesting that metacritics only had a score of 87/100 for jaws. what were they using to measure this? rotten tomatoes gave it 97%
i know, i don't get that either since it was the best in it's time and still is today, in my opinion.
agreed. i still like watching it when its on tv. i've been known to download it for a long flight too. the cast was outstanding and the music!!! still gets me creeped out.
same here! my wife hates those movies and don't like to see them.
i don't know how she can hate it, but it's my favorite
i saw that the critics found it funny, in a weird sort of way. i think i kind of agree with that comment. there are moments that are funny, i can't say i agree with your wife, but it did scare some people too much. maybe it scares her and thats why she hates it.
i kind of enjoyed the scary moments in it
it's so realistic and it could happen.
it does happen more than you think
it has happened! thats whats so scary. several attacks likek that off the east coast last summer.felt like i was living jaws! i stayed off the beach last summer!
so did i, it freaked me out too much
in the film the found a tiger shark so they thought the beach was safe. kind of like when we see a dolphin fin, scream, and then realize it was ok.the next day they see a great white in the same area of the beach. jaws for real.
i know, one reason why i try and stay out of the oceans
i know theres an alligator hunter that finds and removes those guys. in the movie they paid quint, richard dreyfus to find the shark. who would do that in real life? not me!
10k or not, i would not get in that water or that boat if a great white were out there
no way, i wouldn't either
nope not at all
sounds like you're pretty clever! ironic they named the boat the orca in the movie. those orcas are supposed to be pretty safe.
yeah, you know when you hear the music, look out
and can you imagine what it was like getting in a shark proof cage? i know someone who did that once. they said they'd never do it again!
no way! i would have a heart attack
well, at least jaws had a happy ending. not for the shark though. the good old days when they made you feel good before you left the movie!
hi
hello! how are you?
good
let's talk about batman begins. are you familiar?
2005 superhero movie directed by christopher  nolan
yes, i've heard of it. i just havent seen it yet
it's great
rotten tomatoes: 84% and average: 7.7/10
metacritic score: 70/100
cinemascore: a
the most 'realistic' take on batman yet
i'm actually interested in seeing it. doesn't it have christain bale as batman?
yes
it stars christian bale, michael caine, liam neeson, katie holmes, gary oldman, cillian murphy, tom wilkinson, rutger hauer, ken watanabe, and morgan freeman.
great cast
wow, even morgan freeman!? that is a good cast. who does freeman play?
he plays lucious fox. he's like batman's q (from 007)
the tech guy who helps him out. so it's less of a one-man operation
yes, i remember the character from the comics. that's awesome that they put him in the film. does he play a big role? or is he just seen a little bit?
a fairly significant role. more-so in the sequels.
also stars liam neeson as henri ducard, a devious villian and member of the league of shadows
that is really cool, normally they give those kinds of characters small roles.
the league of shadows is in the film!? wait so that means neeson is ras algul?
special guest appearance by ken watanabe as ras al ghul
do they mention his immortality in the film?
it's hinted at, but it's implied it's a mantle that's passed down for a more realistic take
as a child, bruce wayne falls down into a dry well and is attacked by a swarm of bats, subsequently developing a phobia of the creatures. while watching an opera with his parents, thomas and martha, bruce becomes frightened by performers masquerading as bats and asks to leave. outside, mugger joe chill murders bruce's parents in front of him. orphaned, bruce is raised by the family butler, alfred pennyworth.
ah so they stick to the comic closely, thats a good thing.
michael caine must be alfred. i can't see him playing anyone else.
yes, origin-wise, it's pretty close. bruce's traveling around the world and training is a part of it. which has never been shown on screen before.
yes he's an amazing alfred
fourteen years later, chill is freed in exchange for testifying against gotham city mafia boss carmine falcone. bruce intends to murder chill, but one of falcone's assassins does so first. bruce's childhood friend, assistant district attorney rachel dawes, berates him for attempting to undermine the justice system, saying that his father would be ashamed. bruce confronts falcone, who tells him that real power comes from being feared. bruce decides to travel the world and learn how to confront injustice. while serving a prison sentence for theft in bhutan, he meets henri ducard, who trains him as a member of the league of shadows, led by ra's al ghul. after completing his training and purging his fears, bruce learns that the league intends to destroy gotham, believing it to be corrupt, decadent, hypocritical and beyond saving. bruce rejects the league's cause and burns down their temple during his escape. ra's is killed by falling debris, while bruce saves the unconscious
i can only imagine the sarcastic jokes he makes in the film. caine is perfect for that character.
he has some gread monolouges
batman intercepts a drug shipment, provides rachel with evidence against falcone, and enlists sergeant james gordon, one of the few honest cops left in gotham, to arrest him. in prison, falcone meets with dr. jonathan crane, a corrupt psychiatrist whom he has helped smuggle drugs into gotham, and threatens to reveal his complicity if he does not declare  him mentally unfit for trial. crane puts on a scarecrow mask and sprays falcone with a fear- inducing hallucinogen that drives him insane (which causes falcone to constantly mouth the  word "scarecrow"), and has him transferred to arkham asylum. while investigating "the scarecrow", batman is exposed to the hallucinogen and left incapacitated. he is saved by alfred and given an antidote developed by fox. when rachel accuses crane of corruption, crane reveals that he has been pouring his fear-inducing drug into gotham's water supply. he drugs rachel with it, but batman saves her and subdues crane, who claims to work for ra's al ghul. batman evades the police to get rachel to safety, administers the antidote, and gives her a vial of it for gordon and another for mass production. ducard reappears at bruce's birthday party and reveals himself to be the true ra's al ghul. having stolen a powerful microwave emitter from wayne enterprises, he plans to vaporize gotham's water supply, rendering crane's drug airborne and causing mass hysteria that will destroy the city. he sets wayne manor aflame and leaves bruce to die, but alfred rescues him.
interesting scarecrow is even in the film. that seems like a lot of plot if they have multiple villans in the film.
how was the story in your opinion?
it does not crowd the film in my opinion. unlike how it turned out with batman and robin.
you can have multiple villians as long as you use them correctly
i thought it was a great story. overall very solid
i agree,  does the league ever bump heads with crane in the film?
or do they work together?
yes, and it fits naturally.
helllo
hi, there.
i guess we are to talk about the movie
have you seen it
yeah - i wanted to talk about it because i like how david fincher directed it.
ok
did you see it?
did you enjoy it
yes i did
yeah, a lot. sorkin and fincher sure laced their scathing wit with an aching sadness, you know? i guess everybody says that, though.
ok, i wasnt aware it was based on a book
yeah. though i guess the movie isn't quite as factual as the book? and that the book is pretty heavily debated.
i see
you remember that bit where zuckerberg gets dumped and then writes a mean post about his ex?
im not a fan of facebook or zukerbeg, but i thought the movie was well done.   i dont remember that part specifically
yeah, no, i'm no fan of either, either. but it was that scene that kind said everything that needed to be said about the mentality behind that site. i thought that was pretty brilliant.
it seems to be highly rated
yeah. it's definitely a strong movie. i mean, it's a movie about facebook that is actually watchable. that's saying something.
yes iwas thinking that as well
it is even more trajic where it has brought us politically
for sure. and i feel like it's all in that bit where sean parker has his line about "you know what is cool? a billion dollars." like, it's presented as a way to keep people in touch, but it's really the coldest corporate-type of thing.
yes greed is powerfull
did you know sean parker was the founder of napster?
yes
it is interesting how he suggested getting rid of "the"
yes! i was just about to say that.  i think it's crazy how much influence he had on facebook when it started out.
then there's that last scene, where zuckerberg keeps refreshing his page to see if his ex-girlfriend has accepted his friend request. that's what it all comes back to. after all the greed, you've still got these human needs.
it is interesting for sure
it would be funny if it was still called f acemash
i know, that was a pretty weird name. even 'facebook' seemed weird back in the day.
i think it is a dangerous false reality that has changed humanity for  the worse
millions are addicted to it, and it is proven to shape perceptions in false ways
yeah, i think so, too. though i also think there is a natural balance of humanity and that at some point facebook will be left in the dust. or at least it's worst aspects will be. again, i just think about that last scene. maybe it's too optimistic, but i think people will abandon facebook. maybe not this generation, but the next.
was there anything you didn't like about the movie?
it seems to be in that direction to some point already.  a lot of damage has been done though
i think we are done now, have a good day
okay, you too!
hi
hi, give me a minute...
ok, i am here...
do you know movie the post?
it' s historical political thriller...
do you like such films?
i have to watch it again... i love maryl streep...
hi, are you still there?
yes..
do you know this film?
the post?
i am not 'there'
i am here :)
hellooo!
do you like movies of historical, political genre?
do you like films produced by steven  spielberg?
do you like tom hanks?
or meryl streep?
what's the name of the movie?
the name of the movie is zootopia
what is the movie about?
is this a kid's movie?
the movie is about anthropomorphic animals. there is a character named judy hopps who becomes a police officer in zootopia. she gets delegated to parking duty, and then she gets hustled by a conman named nick wilde and his partner finnick.
it is a kid's movie
it also has a very high rating on imdb of 8/10
any good actors or voices in the movie?
idris elba, jason bateman, and ginnifer goodwin
is it in the theater or on dvd?
i don't know about that but it was released in 2016.
how long is the movie?
what kind of animals are there?
hello!
hello so the movie we will be talking about is batman v. superman
great! i haven't actually seen that yet, but have been really wanting to. which actors play batman and superman?
the actors are really great and you probably know all of them. ben affleck , henry cavill, amy adams, and jesse eisenberg to name a few.
oh, that is a great cast? henry cavill played superman in the latest superman film right?
sorry, a great cast!
i am not sure but the film is still a part of the dc extended universe. also it will be featuring wonder woman.
ooh, that is excellent. i am looking forward to seeing wonder woman! are batman and superman enemies at the start of the film?
well lex luthor manipulates batman into a battle with superman because he is obssessed with cloning superman.
oh! so batman is supposed to bring superman to lex luthor?
no that is not the case however he is manipulated into helping. by the way did i mention this is going to be the first time batman and superman are in a movie together?
really? the first time? that seems pretty amazing knowing that the characters have been around for so long! very cool. is the story set in metropolis or gotham?
the film appears to take place in both cities, and batman comes to view superman as a threat to humanity.
that is interesting, to have the film set in both cities. so batman sees it as his duty somewhat to take superman down?
well the relationships of the characters are quite complex because clark kent a.k.a. superman learns of batman's justice methods and tries to expose him. all this happening while lex luthor makes moves to get approval to obtain kryptonite from a senator.
interesting. and so, i imagine lois lane is in this story? if so, does she serve a greater purpose? does she know both superheroes?
maybe but i am not sure. by the way do you usually care about reviews?
i will often read reviews to see what people have to say, but i don't change my mind about wanting to see a movie based on reviews. i think that i can't really know unless i see for myself. do you care about reviews?
not usually i like to be my own judge however if the reviews are overwhelmingly bad or good then it may influence whether or not i watch in theatres. i have to say for this movies though the reviews are quite mixed.
did you enjoy this film?
i did. i really liked seeing the scenes where batman manages to subdue the superman.
cool. i guess that's one of the ultimate questions, which one could beat out the other. do they team up at all in the film ?
yes in batman chooses to save supermans mother while superman confonts lex.
oh wow! the pairing of batman and superman's mom is a really cool part of the story, heartwarming.
i know but the film ends with sadly the death of superman.
oh wow! i am surprised by that, i thought they would keep their story line going for another movie or two.
dont worry the dirt on top of the coffin vibrates a nice wink from the director.
haha! that's the closing shot?!
i believe so it is in the last scene.
awesome! take care.
hello
hello. have you watched the social network? it was a surprisingly good movie.
i have not
it sounds like a good film
yes, i'm here
the performances were great. justin timberlake is not only a talented singer but a pretty good actor as well. jesse eisenberg fit the part very well too.
hello?
hello
i'm here
i was just going to ask how timberlake was as an actor
hi. i was saying how justin timberlake and jesse eisenberg were pretty good actors.
yeah. he's better than i thought he would be.
i'm not usually into biographies
me neither but this one was pretty good.
but this one is probably a decent one to watch
it's crazy how fast fb blew up
it would be interesting to watch the film
it is. i didn't think mark zuckerberg had a very interesting life but i guess he has.
facebook is a monster.
i don't think most people could live without it at this point in time.
i bet. he was pretty young when he made fb wasn't he
it's kind of messed up though. zuckerberg was accused of stealing someone else's ideas to get started.
yeah. he was still in college.
yeah, too many people relay on fb now!
i know. it's fun but people use it a little too much.
the movie doesn't really go into that though. they need to do a sequel that talks about how fb has affected society.
yeah, that would be cool to see
more of a documentary  of sorts.
it started out as a simple chat to help college students with dating but turned into something much bigger.
kind of a dramatized documentary though.
lol, right!
tell me about the movie
i have never seen this movie.
do you know what it is about?
no, i do not. i knwo it has some great actors in it like tom hanks and meryl streep.
two of my favorites
mine too. have you seen this movie before?
no, not yet.
do you want to see it?
i guess it woudnt be a bad idea to google the movie and see what it is about. i wouldn't mind seeing it sonce it has tom hanks in it.
he's funny
google is a good idea. do you have a favorite movie site to shcek?
yeah he is. i love a lot of his movies.
other than imdb, no
mine too
we should check it out then.
yes. how many movies do you watch per year?
good question. a lot
what is your favorite genre?
mine is thriller. i live fatal attraction
i love other movies like that too'
basic instinct is my mom's fav
do you watch a lot of movies?
yes. about 2 a week
love the old ones best
especially 80's movies
my favorite genres are horror,  romantic comedy
do you like jim carey in comedy?
i love jim carey!
funny guy. remember the elevator scene in liar liar?
lol
lol! yeah!
what about kid's movies? i still like shrek
shrek is funny! i love pretty much all kid movies.
me too. good memories
i haven't seen a lot of the old classics for a long time.
i agree, good memories
they are worth rewatching.
have you seen gaslight?
scary, good movie
yes definitely
time to sign out. have a great day!
no not gaslight
watch gaslight!
you too
i will!
:)
hey so what’s this movie called
hello
have you watch home alone
you like it
nivce movie
director: chris columbus
action movie
when bratty 8-year-old kevin mccallister (macaulay culkin) acts out the night before a family trip to paris, his mother (catherine o'hara) makes him sleep in the attic.
hello
r u here?
the movie about the boy
who left alone
in a homw
the film stars macaulay culkin as kevin mccallister, a boy who is mistakenly left behind when his family flies to paris for their christmas vacation. kevin initially relishes being home alone
i am waiting
r u here?
hello
r u here?
after the mccallisters mistakenly leave for the airport without kevin, he awakens to an empty house and assumes his wish t
after the mccallisters mistakenly leave for the airport without kevin, he awakens to an empty house and assumes his wish t
hi
this film
released in
initial release: november 10, 1990 (chicago)
featured song: somewhere in my memory
music composed by: john williams
cast is also good
hello
are you here?
hi
hello
r u thre
r u there??
hello???
hello
have you watch
movie
home alone
i am waiting so long
hello
how you doing?
hello
r u there
waiting??
so long
hello
r u there
movie
home alone
hello!
what do you like the most about this movie?
i really enjoyed the music from this film!  what was your favorite thing about frozen?
the songs
my kids love it
i also like that it was inspired by an existing fairy tale.
the animation was excellent and amazing!
yeah, the animation and the plot is amazing
what is your favorite character?
*character
mine is anna
anna.  i'm a fan of kristen bell's other work as well.
i love her voice!
i like that anna was fearless, and didn't act like your typical disney princess.
that's right...she's extroverted and fun!
the first part of the movie, explaining how the sisters were orphaned, and how their circumstances drove them apart was tragic, but i do like how everything wrapped up in the end.
it's hard to believe this is disney's 53rd animated feature film!  i'd find it difficult to even name that many disney animated features!
yeah, the ending  has a very special meaning
do you have any other favorite film?
from disney
a few, but i thought for purposes of this exercise, we must confine our conversation to the information in the document?
that's correct
what is your rating for frozen?
the document is growing, and additional detailed information about scenes from the movie were just added.  i'm reminded of the scene where elsa builds her ice palace.  it was an impressive bit of computer generated animation.
i would rate frozen as an 80%, or 8 out of 10.
yeah, the animation was outstanding
my favorite scene is when anna gets hitby elsa  at the very beginning.
the duke of weselton has a name that looks suspiciously like the term weasel !
i like all the scenes with musical numbers in them.
what did you like the least about the film?
i did not like that the parents died
did you know that there is a scene where rapunzel appears in frozen?
the parents dying was sad and unexpected, and a dramatic way to start the film
i did not know that rapunzel appeared in frozen.
yeah, very briefly
i have to agree it's the best disney animated film in quite a few years... since the lion king.
yeah, the best film in modern animation.
hello how are you? how did you like the movie iron man?
i havent watched that movie.
have you?
well i think robert downey jr. did a great job!
i'd say it was one of the best super hero films
hello
hello
the movie you should see is zootopia
what is zootopia about?
its about an optimistic rabbit that joins the zootopia police department. while out she runs into a red fox that is also a small time con artist played by jason bateman. the movie follows their adventure zootopia.
that sounds really interesting. how does the movie end?
would you watch it again?
i would watch it again. i saw it in theaters so i am not positive on how it ends but i know that it ends with the rabbit officer proving that she may be small but she wont be intimidated and will do her job to the best of her abilities.
she sounds like a great officer.
she was quite inspiring.
who plays all the voices in the movie?
ginnifer goodwin is officer judy hopps, jason bateman plays nick wilde, idris elba is chief bogo, and jenny slate is dawn bellwether.
those are all great voices. do you think this movie is okay for kids?
i think it is a great movie for kids and adults alike.
would you consider it to be a comedy?
yes.
would you recommend it to your best friend?
yes.
do you think that they will make a second movie of this?
there is some potential for a second movie. but i am not sure what they would use for a premise.
thats very true, a sequal is easier said than done.
they cannot try to use the little guy beats the big guy in the next one since the officer proved her self already.
maybe a little guy can beat the officer
like the rocket snail
that could be true, but do we want to see a movie where the bad guy wins?
true but than they could make a third movie where the officer learns how to defeat the guy eventually.
i see your point. i fear that you may dissuade people from watching a third movie if they were put off from seeing the villain win in the second movie.
it does open up the plot to a third movie but would rather see a cliffhanger than the enemy win.
thats true! no one at the end of the day wants to see the enemy win.
do you think there was a hidden message in the movie?
i think the message was to be patient and not judge people or in the movies case animals based on the stereotypes that you have gathered.
hello! have you seen the movie la la land?
no i haven't.
what is it about?
it's really good! it's a musical/romantic comedy about two people who fall in love in hollywood.
who are the main actors?
ryan gosling and emma stone are the two main characters.
are they the characters that fall in love?
they are. one's a jazz pianist and the other is an aspiring actress.
what is the conflict?
there isn't really a major conflict, the movie just follows these two characters as they fall in love.
there are several dance numbers that are really well done.
is it a musical?
yes, it is a musical.
are there any current pop stars who are in it?
they meet for the first time when he's playing a jazz improvisation and the music draws her into the restaurant.
john legend is in the film.
is it love at first sight?
kind of. she falls in love with his music, then gets to know him better and better throughout the film.
who is the director of the film?
it's directed by damien chazelle.
never heard of them. what other movies have they been the director?
he directed whiplash as well, which is another film about music.
i like it because the characters are falling in love as they're following their dreams.
do you know who does the choreography for la la land ?
i don't know.
what kind of movies do you like?
i enjoy things where i have to think. or that have strange plot twists. like memento. or predestination. where you don't understand everything until the very end.
are there other movies like la la land that you could compare to it?
cool! well then you might not like la la land. it's a bit more straightforward and focuses more on relationships and the characters.
i like all kinds of movies. are there other films that you could compare la la land to?
it's kind of a unique type of movie. it has a lot in common with movies from the 1920s that have lots of dance and musical numbers.
it's very well-made. lots of critics seem to have enjoyed it.
hello
have you watched new movie of hohn lee hancock
hey man its a great movie
hello
its a biographic sports drama
called the blind side
yes i have watched already like 10 times and you
not yet
but sounds great
and it teach you a lot
it has nice reviews
you have to see it... speaciallt rhe environment that we live right now
i should go and watch it
it teach you that the race it doesn’t matter
she did good acting i guess
hard life of foster child
you should i recommend it
yes specially with the acting of the kid mike
but at the same time is a sad movie
because how a parent can’t take care of the kid when you have it
well i guess life gets better
when you have good family
yes and this movie will tell you
she is a good interior designer
and the meaning of adoption is cas fast i
she was always at his side
yes i love her acting in the movie
that is important
and in all movies does she does it’s amazing
that made him succeed
yes totally
the re is a part that’s it’s hilarious when they try to buy clothes to mike her face was hilarious haha
gang leader threaten him
but michael really showed spirrit
yes i totally agree
you should watch it
nice to talk
bye
hi, how are you?
good how about you
have you ever seen jaws?
no i haven't. is it good?
it is amazing. it's about a man trying to save his beach side town from a crazy shark
what about la la land? have you seen that?
would you say it has a happy ending to it?
i haven't seen la la land either. which one would you recommend?
yes. they kill the shark and get to relax and be happy in the end
aw man, spoilers haha
honestly i would recommend jaws. it's such a great classic movie
why not la la land? do you not like it?
what genre is la la land?
la la land is ok but it doesn't compare to the action of jews. i give it a 7.8 whereas jaws is a 9.1
la la land is a musical romantic comedy
hmm, you might have to convince me a little more about jaws just because i already know the ending. since you said la la land is a romantic comedy, is there any romance in jaws?
and is la la land based on a real story?
no. jaws has little romance
hi
hey
have you dunkirk?
seen?
no what is that?
its the movie we need to discuss
then discuss cause i have nt seen it. but i see christopher nolan directed it
yep, my favourite director
it seems dunkirk was his latest project and has gotten high marks across the board
i have a watched all his movies but missed out in this one
yep appreciated critically and commercially
after this movie dunkirk. i wonder why he hasnt been more mainstream
frankly his movies have got lot more meaning and are more fun at the same time
make me really want to figure out what other films besides dunkirk that he also did besides dunkirk.
the batman series, interstellar, inception
just to name a few
are we allowed to do that? i mean it is kind of to stay on topic when both of us havent seen dunkirk
so its a war movie?
well then...after rewatching his first batman move i felt that he took inspirations for the first batman animation series cause the way the night life were. it was almsot always dark and yellow
yes
i heard the movies is depressing in here?
well..it is a war film don't know how you can make it light hearted and they have germany  so...
yea thats true, also nolan isnt known for his sense of humour
oh just remmbered why 1940 was so captivating. it was the start of wwii so...thats makes it even more depressing
the critics have given it a rave reviews, and it has a good chance at he oscars
of course i havent' caught on to what style nolan has, like michael bay and tim burton all have their styles
true that
i dont liike the actor in interstellar, that matthew guy. somesthing off about him
there tom hardy, harry s tyles
tom hardy a director? when that happened?
no the actor
yyep exactly is he good?
fwfwfwfw
hello?
hello
i know a movie you may like
what's the movie about?
it's actually sort of a musical
that's great! i love musicals. are there any big name actors in the movie?
ryan gosling
nice! it looks like the movie has pretty great ratings on rotten tomatoes and other review sites
it also has emma stone
do you think you would like the movie?
i would love it.
i think i would love it as well
the critics love it.
do you like dancing in movies?
i do!
what do you think of the two key scenes? which one sounds more interesting to you?
i would like the first one just to see someone playing music soulfully
i agree. i think that scene sounds interesting
i just saw it has john legend in it
isn't he, like, a legend or something?
haha i think so!
i think the new scene, where mia decides to write a one-woman play sounds cool
it's in la.
i do like the setting
she does sound like a cool character
i'm more of a new york person myself
they both sound interesting. new york is a great place as well!
la is so flat isn't it?
and all that nasty stuff in the news about hollywood
yeah, it is. and expensive!
the warm climate is appealing though
do you like jazz?
i can appreciate jazz, but it's not one of my favorite genres. do you?
not my favorite either
i prefer more forethought and craftsmanship in my music
improv doesn't suit me
i agree with that. i do appreciate that a contemporary movie is bringing jazz into it. jazz isn't usually found in mainstream movies
gotta go. peace.
hello
hello
are familiar with the movie the notebook?
i have heard about it but have not seen it
what is it about?
its a romance movie based on the 1996 novel with the same title by nicholas sparks
who are some of the actors in the film?
ryan gosling as the main actor and rachel mcadams
interesting. i'm a fan of his work, what are your thoughts on the movie?
i actually cried when i first watch it. it is awesome. got 52 percent in rotten tomatoes but i will give it a 100
really? would you say it resembles the book well?
there are some changes but pretty much. i only care about the ending anyway. ryan gosling play as noah in the movie, he is poor while allie is from a rich family and she is engage with someone else but fell in love with noah
oh wow that seems really interesting. i will have to check it out for sure. do you know if its available on netflix?
hmm not sure. it was released year 2004 so it probably is
ahhh okay, so based on what you know about the movie are their cheesy or cliche elements portrayed in the film?
not at all but that is for me. it is heart touching and will make you cry. if made me cry. allie got alzheimer and she doesn't remember noah but he still visits her everyday and they died together
omg!!! thats so crazy honestly kind of excited to see this movie now
yes, its an art, love the book but i love the movie more
thats how i felt with the fault in our stars. great book but movie was incredible.
when he enlisted in the army he writes to her everyday but her mom intercept the letters so she was devastated for a year
i love that movie too!
damn so this movie is like a mix of saving private ryan, me before you, and possible other movies
somewhat but much better. i don't know why it got low rating, it is one of my favorite movie
i mean rotten tomato is pretty picky on certain movies which i dont get cause some films are brilliant but do not get the credit they deserve
i know. it probably on personal preference. others might not like it
side track how long is this task suppose to be?
but i agree that its a personal preference
not sure but we have to talk about the movie till we can click the finished conversation button
are you familiar with the director? nick cassavetes
i am not
what are some of his other movies?
hi
hi
would you like a movie recommendation?
sure, which film is it?
have you seen the great gatsby the one from 2013?
ohh that movie, no i haven't yet
i'm actually not even too familiar with the original
it has lenardo dicaprio as jay  gatsby.
it is a period romantic drama based on the book by f scott fitzgerald.
older book from 1925 but a well known one.
oh ok yes i've heard of it, so i figure it's casablanca-ish?
no, not at all.
well ..not really.
it is todl through thte yes of nick carraway, in this film toby maguire.
he meets jay gatsby while living next door and gets introduced to the party world of the roaring 20s in new york state.
i guess i'm not really too familiar with fitzgerald stuff, oh ok so during the capone era, i'm interested in that era
i think you would like it then.
but the book is genreally heldinmuch higher regard.
this movie did not do to well with  the critics.
only 48% from rotten tomatoes..
are you doing something else?
no i'm just terrible at typing
i dont think id want to watch this movie
3 minutes is toolong and to be honest a little rude.
it is more of a spectacle to behold.
5 minutes is too long
the director baz luhrmann is kind of know for that.
3 is 2 minutes less than too long
it is still rude
and makes me think you are doing another turk or something else
just saying
anyways sounds like a trash movie
lol
well if you watch it than you can know for sure one way or another.
i actually did like it.
but i enjoy the actors in it and liked  the showy dance numbers.
maybe since decapro is a genius id watch it sometime
they had a budget of like 190 million and it shows, i think.
he is a phenomenal actor.
huge bugdet did it make it back lol?
joel edgerton gto a lot of prai se form critic for his perfomance as well
i am not sure..
is there any gun fights in it
gatsby is a millionaire so has to be lavish sets etc
ummm not really but there is a death or two.
actually there is a shooting
whos the actor that decaprio falls in love with
carey mulligan/daisy
she is his pats lover and tom's wife- joel edgerton
also nick's cousin.
it is worth a watch but the book you may want to read first.
i always  prefer to read the book first.
what else does fitzgerald write?
the critics also advise to put aside any literary agenda to best enjoy the movie.
a bunch but can't get into  that on here.
aww, i see, ok. maybe ill catch it sometime on the flix when im bored af lol
well i know you don't hold it in high regard but for leo you should  give it a view.
cool
have a nice day
bye
thanks, you as well. bye]
hello
hey
whats up
just saw a movie based on a dc comics character!
cool! which character is it?
wonder woman played by gal gadot.
great action film, have you seen it?
no! i really wanted to see it but didn't get a chance yet!
is it still in the theaters? i'll probably check it out once its available on itunes
very entertaining and not the grim dark and sloppy film they sometimes have done.
nice! haha
basically a war flick. gotta love a good amazon princess movie.
have you heard anything about when its available on itunes?
more about her internal battles than the wwi battles. very engaging
mm hmm i've seen the action scene only in batman vs superman
she relies on love to stop war.
is it as good as that scene? have you seen batman vs superman?
can't hold a good warrior woman down! they tried to forbid her from training but as it turns out, they needed her.
not sure why it got poor reviews. neat element of mystery too. she was raised on a hidden island for amazon warrior women.
i haven't seen that movie. sorry i can't compare
sorry, i don't know when it's available on itunes and missed that question earlier.
do you watch many movies that way?
i prefer the theaters, but i have a new born so i can't really go to the theaters for a few months! lol
itunes are okay, but i'd rather watch things on netflix or amazon prime.
or even better, if directv plays them for free, i'll totally watch it
i understand that. i really like the scene in the movie where she receives a photographic plate of herself and some gues from wwi which makes her recall her past. adds some mystery.
how old is wonderwomen anyways lol
has she been around for awhile?
would you say there was a lot of story ? or was it mostly action scenes?
i have no idea how old she is!?! it was a great balance of action and storyline.
haha
hope i can watch it soon!
is there a part 2 to the movie?
she has a cool "godkiller" sword she tries to use to kill ares but he ends up destroying it and making a big revelation to her. (i don't want to spoil the plot so not going to tell you).
would you watch it again?
?
yeah please don't spoil it
lol
yes i would watch it again. not sure about the part 2, i don't think so at least not yet.
that ares character likes to throw his influence around.
so are you familiar with this movie?
yes
okay and what were youre thoughts on it?
it's very funny and shows how clique-ish high school can be.  are you familiar with it as well?
i am to the best of my memory it was quite funny
okay why  did you leave??
ji
hi
hello
so what movie are talking about ?
the wolf of wall street
oh, i have heard a lot about that movie
i have never actually seen this movie so what i am reading is all i know about it. personally it does not seem like a movie i would like. it seems boring and it was given a cinema score of c so that might support my opinion.
oh okay. who are the lead actors ?
it says the genre is a "black comedy". do you know what that is because i do not. i'm thinking it is a "dark" comedy as in mood and attitude and not racial.
the lead actors are leonardo dicaprio, jonah hill, margot robbie, kyle chandler, and rob reiner. i do not know who kyle chandler is.
there are big names
i see it was based on a true story.
leonardo was nominated for oscar for this.
where are you located ?
oh he is a good actor, probably deserved it.
i'm located in maryland. i thought we aren't suppose to give personal information.
wolf of wall street is pretty famous in the us.
it just seemed a little bizarre to me that someone didn't know that movie,so i asked.
yes. i've heard of it but never seen it. i like action movies.
okay. i recommend trying to watch it, it's a great movie.
i think my husband and daughter have watched it buy not me. again, i like action movies but my husband loves watching gangster and comedies. he always teases me that i only want to watch action movies for the actors.
haha, is he right ?]
i might have to. i am more of a book person so since it's based on a book written by the main character i would be more apt to read the book.
yeah, sometimes he is right that is why i watch the action movies lol.
the movie is based on a book.
the summary of the movie seems kind of depressing. the main character doesn't seem honest and he gets arrested. i'm guessing he overall learned his lesson since he wrote a book about his life story.
it actually sounds sad to me. someone that has the potential to make alot of money at work and ends up getting greedy and corrupt and ruins their life.
yeah, the movie is pretty entertaining. the summary might have been written by an emo. lol. the entire movie is fun, other than the last 10 mins or so.
overall he ended up fine. has a family and everything
he is on tv sometimes as a guest
oh well that's good. i see he went to jail for 3 years. that's not too long. i wonder if he truly regrets ruining his life or just regrets losing all the money.
he made that money quick and easy, while cheating the stock market.
he must be a really intelligent person, what a shame to waste all that talent.
3 years was nothing.
yeah, 3 years is short.
well, he still is a millionaire.
oh wow. that i didn't know and it doesn't say. except it says he hid $22 million in a swiss account. is that how he's still a millionaire?
even if he lost all the money he made previously, his movie deal, book deal and speaking fees has made him millions
do you know if he has a new family because it says his 2nd wife naomi wanted a divorce and full custody of their children.
i don't know much in detail but ,i watched him talk about his daughter once and he seemed pretty happy about where he is now.
he does say that he has made mistakes in his life.
oh well that's good. i do like movies (and books) based on real life stories.
try watching it , its a good one.
looks like we did good on the chat
i think i might have to. if it keeps my attention through the first 30 minutes i'll keep watching it. sometimes i cheat and wikipedia movies to see what they are about before watching them.
yes, i think this is a good chat.
let's wrap it up
ok.
have a great rest of your day
bye.
thank you, you too. bye
hey, what's the movie name?
hello
i am reading the document, lets see, ok re al steel
have you seen it?
oh i remember that, i haven't seen it but it's about fighting robots.
did it get good reviews?
interesting, in this write up, it does not mention robots until the last sentence
do you remember who starred in the movie?
the wolverine actor. can't remember his name.
hugh jackman
yeah, that's it!
also stars dakota goyo, but i do not know her at all (assuming iy is a woman)
you never know these days with names but i'd guess you are right!
that was probably hugh's love interest in the movie.
maybe not, the role is "max'
i think that is hugh's kid in the movie.
so i guess we were wrong
do you know how long it is? i'm not that interested in super long movies anymore.
also stars evangeline lilly (woman for sure"
yeah, that must be the love interest.
did you like the movie
the plot makes it seem like wwe
i haven't seen it. it looked ok in the previews though.
how so?
fighting robots
from what i remember, this is in the future so instead of humans fighting, robots fight.
and i guess hugh used to be good at robot fighting but then they had some problems and they weren't good anymore.
but then they find a better robot and are good again.
seemed like a simplistic popcorn movie from the previews
i guess not wwe, but boxing, less humans, just robots
yeah
honestly it seems dumb, orobably why i did not see it
probably made my disney too, so it could be a kiddy movie
does not sound kiddy
i don't think it was a mature movie though, it was marketed towards kids (teens)
not little kids
like the kind of movie you'd take a 14 year old to
in fact now that i read this, it sounds like one of the movies that is so stupid it might be "stupid enjoyable"
yeah, it definitely sounds like that.
probably a feel good movie where they conquer all
does it say what kind of problems they have in that document?
like what the main plot is about
this also sounds like that , i think, brad pitt movie about underground fight venues
yeah except nobody is crazy like the brad pitt character
illegal, mush be done out of the view of the law
i don't think it was illegal
maybe though
i remember there were crowds of people cheering them on
like it was an athletic specacle
the write up says now working as a small-time promoter, charlie pieces together scrap metal into low-end fighters, barely earning enough to make it from one underground venue to the next.
yup that's the struggle
then they find an amazing robot and get their revenge
so he starts out as illegal, then moves up in the world
makes sense
do you know if the robots have an intelligence?
rotten tomatos 59% rating
who cares about rotten tomatoes, their reviews are worthless
says it was made by dream works, is that adisney company?
look up your fav movies on that site and i guarantee you'll be disappointed  by the low scores.
no i think they compete with disney
they make similar animated movies
it seems disney buys up everyone
yeah, they are a giant company.
gives another rating of 56% (metric score) ???
that is probably a rating at a different site
i've done this before and usually they provide 3 rating systems
rottoen tomatoes, something else then a cine something rating
also stars olga fonda, is she related to jane fonda/henry fonda?
i have no idea
yes a cinemascore:a
they always have suspiciously high ratings
seems like olga was born in russia, so no, much better looking than henry or jane
lol
i think we're done now, thanks for the chat!
ok
bye
hello!
hello! today we're gonna talk about how to train your dragon
have you seen it before?
awesome.  no, i have not had the chance, is it good?
yes it has great ratings! it is rated 7.9/10 on rotten tomatoes
who is in it?  is it an animated movie?
the cast includes gerard butler, craig ferguson, and america ferrera
they all do an amazing job, and yes it is animated.
omg craig ferguson is a riot!
yes he does such a great job!! the #d work is truly magical
what is it about, besides the obvious of dragon training, of course.
it is a coming to age story and has great friendship morals
does the dragon talk?
one of the best scenes is when the dragon hiccup is attacked by the bad guy night fury and rather than killing him, he sets him free
yes, all of the dragons have some lines
so the dragon's name is hiccup?
yes the two main dragons are named hiccup and night fury
okay, night fury freed hiccup then?
yes, i guess it was the moral of the story.
did the dragons breathe fire?
another important scene is when hiccup's owner sees that night fury is hurt and can not fly. he makes him a prostectic wing and thats how he teaches him how to fly
im not too sure, but i bet they do. they probably only use it for good though since it is an animated movie aimed towards kids
which part did craig ferguson give?
i would probably see this movie just because he is in it.  do you think it's a good one to watch?
i meant to say, which part did craig ferguson play?
he played gobber the belch, who was the training masters of the young warriors
were the warriors humans or dragons?
well if you only like him then maybe no because his role is not a main role. if you like movies of the same genre then it may be a good fit.
it is a great movie to watch with children
the warriors were humans, and they were mostly kids. they owned and trained the dragons
do you like movies like this?
i'm guessing that since the movie was aimed towards children that it had a happy ending?  yes, i like some of them..  i don't go for a lot of singing in the animated movies though.  with the exception of the wizard of oz, that was a great movie, i could watch it over and over.
yes, it has a happy ending. thats great, theres no singing in this film. i think this is a feel good film
it had great reception and even has 2 sequels
sounds like it.  i would probably like it.
the fight scenes do tend to get kind of violent but they are very immerssoive
hi
hi.  it told me to read this page first so i'll be just a minute.
okay done reading.  is anyone there?
welp i hope i still get paid for this because i read the directions, read the movie description and am waiting here to chat i was directed to do.
the other person back out i am still here wasting my time so i hope that whoever checks this over is willing to pay me for holding up my end of the bargin.  aborting conversation in a min if yall don't send me someone new to chat with.
other participant left the conversation early.
hello there!
hey
so tell me a little bit about this movie :)
have you seen the movie frozen?
i actually have not...but i've heard let it go too many times for comfort.
how do you feel about the movie? care to share a little bit?
they say its the best animated movie disney has put out since beauty and the beast
i think it was a great movie. the songs are adorable. good for kids. even the critics liked it
hmm i think i'll have to check it out. so i can at least say that i've seen it then ! :)
yes. its a story of two princesses. elsa and anna
who doesn't like princesses? whats the story line like?
princess elsa has magic powers but is insecure about since she injured her sister when they wonder. it became to much and she ran away
well that's depressing
their parent died and ana has to find her sister so they can run the country together.
so what's the storyline?
well elsa runs away after their parents died. ana goes on this journey to find her sister and help her sister control her magic so they can return home. its a cute movie for the kids
sounds interesting. maybe i'll kidnap one of my nieces or nephews and.watch it with them. thanks!
they will love it. theres even a love story within the plot as well. everyone loves a prince and princess love story
haha i guess that's true. i do prefer realism but i do appreciate that disney throws in adult concepts in children's stories that go right over children's heads
haha yeah they always do that dont they
rented it online. it's a party!
lol almost makes me want to watch it again
so, now i guess we just hang out until they let us proceed! let it good!
let it go* ... lame.
haha. as much as ive heard the movie songs i still enjoy it from time to time
i just remember my niece's birthday. must've heard that song 200 times...in a row
me too. i like the charatcter olaf. i see him everywhere. hes a talking snowman. he becomes one of their friends. very cute
there can only be one neighborhood snowman, and that's frosty! :o
lol frosty is a classic. but olaf  is really small so frosty stil has that title
hi
you seen this movie before?
once a long time ago!
who is in it?
same. leonardo dicaprio pulls off jay really well
but i think its kind of a bland film tbh
what do you think?
i love him!
it's bland?
i remember it being pretty good!
he's such a great actor too
what's the movie about?
he really is a great actor
its about a rich guy with rich guy problems
i cant relate haha
hahahah oh when did it come out?
2013. how was it rated?
i think it received a 48% on rotton tomatoes and average 5.8/10
that's not very good!
ouch for the director
the director was baz luhrmann
don't know him
nearly 200 million dollar budget for 5.8/10
smh
think you'd watch it again?
damn, they probably didn't make much money in the theatre
maybe... i don't remember it much
only for leonardo decaprio
have you seen the book?
it's about jay gatsby
no. we did it a school years ago but i pretended i read it
no kid wants to read a romantic drama book
have you read the book?
i'd love to go to a big gatsby party
it'd be so fun
still there?
hi
here
im sorry
i like romantic drama
however, this movie seemed more drama
it was also very fantasized
who was daisy again?
was that the girl he was in love with?
very true
daisy was his friend gf i think
im not so sure
seems more like wanting what he cant have than love
yeah, i agree
it's from scott fitzgerland's novel
didn't know he was the author
1925 novel
do you remember who pamela is?
hi
how are you
what is todays topic?
hello
what topic
the movie titled " the notebook"
it was a romatic movie
it was directed by nick cassabetes.
do you know this movie have you watcehd it?
i dont see
what year it was release?
it was given a 52% rating by the rotten tomatoes
who are the main character
main actor was ryan gosling as noah calhoun
what you like in the movie?
rachel mcadams as allison "allie" hamilton
it was a narated movie
animated???
it is a love story of two young lovers and the  story was from the past  1946,
i think it was like titanic?
the movie was based a novel by nicholas spark  "notebook" release in 1996
what was the tuning point of the movie?
like the main part ?
no but maybe just the same because it was a romantic drama movie..
action?
comedy?
noah writes to allie every day for a year but anne intercepts the letters and they never reach allie. noah enlists with fin to fight in world war ii, where fin is killed in battle. allie volunteers in a hospital for wounded soldiers, where she meets officer lon hammond jr., a young lawyer who comes from old southern money. the two become engaged, to the delight of allie's parents. when noah returns from the war, his father has sold their home so that noah can buy the abandoned house. while visiting charleston, noah witnesses allie and lon kissing at a restaurant; he convinces himself that if he restores the house, allie will come back to him. allie is startled to read in the newspaper that noah has completed the house to the specifications she made years before.
that was in the story
a romantic drama
oh
do you watched or do you like romantic drama movies?
very nice
yeah i think i would like to watched this movie to check..
how about you?
yes
shure i would
thanks for information
yeah me too..
welcome.. its nice to talk to you
i think nice talk between us
bye
thank  you
hey
so are we ready to talk about this movie?
yes..
ok well overall i thought this movie was pretty good.
its very action movie, i like this movie so much
yea, it actually does a nice job of giving all of the characters stuff to do and doesn't feel like to much is going on
yes., its all are done a good job..i saw this movie in  4 times..
ive seen it quite a few times also
okay,,.who is director of the movie??
joss whedon
he doesn't do marvel movies now he's moved on
okay thanks for your information..
no problem, i feel like this movie really launched chris hemsworth as a big deal
yes sure..its really big deal on chris hemsworth
i also think this movie has kind of served as a template for newer super hero movies
the all star cast really helped too
not sure you could do a movie better than this one for this style
yeah..but previous super hero acting is very well and adorable..
well all depends on the movie
this movie also may have done the best job out there on getting the hulk right
yes..hulk act is marvelous in this movie
it also does a nice job of making iron man a leader
overall just a really good display of the characters
yes..its all super heroes action equally displayed
yea it works out pretty well
i feel like this is kind of the super hero movie that does it all right
yes.. really
hopefully they keep getting it right
yeah..when you watch this movie??
hi
hello!
how are u ?
good, you?
im ok
have you seen this movie?
so have u watched ..
nope
but i do like angelina jolie
i havent either, but i love the story of sleeping beauty
me too
iy has 51 in rotten tomatoes
so hmm
not that good
5.7 out of 10. yikes
i know
so this movie is more about the villan
is a dark fantasy film
yes
wow
so she was originally a fairy
yes
i cant believe its been so long since this movie came out
she fells in love with a human it says
i know
right
and then her wings are cut off
i think i only heard about this movie once
oh wow
ah man phillips kiss doesnt work
and her lover betrayed her
stefan is auroras father
and maleficent loves him
yea
i feel bad for her now
oh boy
she sends stefan to his death
yeah i feel bad too
i know its different, but i like the old fashioned sleeping beauty too much
i dont like how they changed it around
yea
they changed it for it to only get a 5.1 rating
this film wanted to break the stereotype
but it was too much
righy
right
they fixed it when it wasnt broken
yea
it was too much
and i havent heard about that director
i wonder if this is the first movie he made
he actually sounds familiar
it probably takes a lot to direct a movie like this
i think u are right
but its metacritic score was 56/100. ow
really low
from what i hear angelina jolie performed really well in it
well i love her
im a girl
not like that
lol
haha
she is a good actress
i think she is a great person and actres
there is a scene where aurora is a little girl and she goes up to maleficent
and they had to use angelinas daughter
oh really ???
because her daughter was the only one who wouldnt get scared and run away lol
so i like that
yea
but the critical responses
it is interesting that, like frozen, a prince was not needed for the true love scenario
it was like a mother daughter love
and i love that
which i really like
i hate that u need a prince all the time
to make " everything  better "
me too
it seems like a very entertaining movie
and i will have to watch it
i might give it a chance this weekend
me too
but i dont my 2 year old would stand still
hey, there's this movie called bruce almighty with jim carrey in it, have you seen it or would you like to?
i haven't seen it.
have you seen it?
what's it about?
i have seen it, it's really funny. it's a comedy made in 2003 about a down on his luck tv reporter who complains to god and in return becomes god for a week
i like comedies. is jim carrey pretty good in it?
it is known as one of his best films, so i would say yes, it is very slapstick comedy
is it also a romance?
no, it's a comedy
no it is not
too bad. i like romantic comedies.
does being god work out for him?
have you ever seen how to train your dragon?
yes, i have it is a lovely movie
it is an animation/fantasty movie that came out in 2010.
yes it is , actually a movie i really enjoy.
which character do you like best?
it is animation that is voiced by jay baruchel (hiccup horrendous haddock iii) and  gerard butler ( stoick the vast),
the movie has everything, from 3d computer-animation, to action-fantasty
it is a dreamworks animation that was distributed by paramount pictures
did you know that the movie was actually loosely based on a british book series?
yes
and alot different that the actual books
the books are more comedy
intersting, i did not know that.
did you like the interactions with the characters?
oh yes, very much
which character do you like the most?
the movie is based at the isle of berk in a remote viking village where there of often dragons stealing livestock and causing toruble
i like astrid and gobber
toothless is my favorite dragon
toothless is a great character. hiccup was supposed to kill him in the beginning but couldn't bring himself to do it and instead sets him free
he gradually tames the dragon and calls him toothless because of his retractable teech
it was becuase of toothless that hiccup learned how to tame other dragons
do you think hiccup cheats because of what he learns from toothless ? (by using it his training class?)
he become proficient in subduing the captive dragons, i don't know how much you can call that cheating
but he wouldn't have known that without having toothless.
so maybe just an advantage not cheating
how do you feel about how stoick treats hiccup?
stoick leaving hiccup, but then arriving home unscucessful and finding how hiccup had trained the dragons led to a celebration
i mean throughout the whole movie. he was rather harsh to him in the beginning
stoick uses hiccup when hiccups accidently reveals that toothless can locate the dragon's nest. stoick disowns his son
that to me is very harsh
however, when hiccup almost drowns trying to free toothless, stoick saves them both, reconciling with his son
did you like the ending? how they make hiccup and toothless basically equal? (both missing something vital?)
how do you feel about the rotten tomatoes 98% score?
yes, when hiccup wakes up on berk, his lower left leg is missing and he is using a prothesis, so he and toothless are the same
i thought a 98% was a good score on rotton tomatoes
hey
hi
how’s it going?
pretty good. are you a marvel fan?
good to hear. sure, what about you?
yes, i am a huge marvel fan. one of my favorites is the avengers. mark ruffalo is great as the hulk.
sure, i liked the avengers a lot.
i also think ruffalo is a great hulk.
is avengers the movie we’re supposed to talk about?
rotten tomatoes gave it a 92% rating and average of 8/10. yes, i believe so.
okay then. right, i’ve always experiened that imdb gives movies a lower average rating than rotten tomatoes.
tha
that's true
but i guess 92 and 80 are a fair assesment.
yeah, i think joss whedon was a good choice for director also. his vision was really inline with the comics.
well, i can’t speak for the comics (haven’t read them), but this movie is a great mashup of all the heroes and their stories.
i guess it’s just a very good movie with an amazing plot.
i agree.
loki using clint barton to help him with the tesseract was awesome too. i like him even though he's a bad guy
right, that was a great scene.
loki’s a likable villain i’d say.
it was interesting how it caused such a riff within the avengers. thor still felt like he had loyalty to him for a long time during the movie.
you think?
i thought he was pretty ruthless with him.
that’s just my opinion obviously.
i can see that somewhat but he could have done a lot more damage if he wanted to.
do you have a specific example on mind?
the end fight scene definitely was. he could have killed him.
oh, the one where hulk ends up hitting him?
yeah, that was classic. one of the funniest moments of the movie. i also liked when iron man fell back through the wormhole. it had everyone on edge i think.
absolutely. epic scenes.
can we talk about other movies or just this one?
you know, mcu
i also like the way nick fury stood his ground with the council. just this one.
understood.
yeah, fury’s great too.
so, any final thoughts?
it's crazy that the council wanted him to drop a nuclear missile into new york.
great examples, man.
it was great talking to another mcu fan.
take care now!
definitely! you too!
hi!
have you watched blindside? you should totally watch it, it's a truly empowering movie about the struggles of a football player growing up into becoming a professional athlete.
wow, that sounds pretty good.  what's the name of the athlete?
michael oher!
ok. i don't recognize the name. who did he play for in pro ball?
pro football, he was a offensive lineman for the baltimore ravens
hm, that's cool.  so what kind of struggles did he have?
he was raised in an impoverished upbringing.
its truly amazing, you should watch it
it sounds interesting.  is it kid-friendly?
yes it is pg! it is very cute in the movie when michael meets his new families young boy named sj. they bond so closely together
oh sweet.  it's always nice to find something the kids can watch with us that isn't some lame cartoon!  so he gets a new family? is that kind of the main plot?
yes it is, he gets a new family that is very wealthy. the mom loves michael so much, you can really tell. she wants him to pursue whatever goal that he wants.
sounds like a good story.  who made the movie?
the director was john lee hancock
it's rated a+ on cinemascore
wow, that's a good score.  are there any famous actors in it?
sandra bullock is in it, she was praised for her job in it!
oh i like her.  i'll have to check it out.
sandra's friends in the movie criticize the actor, wondering why she would adopt a black kid. very empowering
sandra goes against her friends wills, and keeps raising micahel
that sounds like a really good message for our time when people are focusing on polarizing races.  it would make for a lot of good conversations with kids too.
so does the movie have a lot of football in it?
not as much as you would think. its about 25% football! a lot of the movie is about whats going on behind the scenes with his family issues
michael gets into a fight with people back home, because that make sexual jokes about his new mom
ah ok.  my husband really likes football so he might be interested.  i like sports movies when they have good character development.
michael stands up for his mom, and gets into a fight
sounds like a good kid.
really? you would absolutely love this movie then, i'm surprised you haven't seen it yet. it's won many awards
oh really? which awards did it win?
i can't remember actually
sorry!
oh ok, well i don't really follow the awards stuff anyway.  :)
what happened to him when he grew up? did he stay close to this family?
yes, it's a true story. he actually still plays in the nfl!
i love when these types of stories are true stories
makes it so much more real
yes, i do too. my husband actually hates it when he finds out the story was fiction, so he'd like that too.
hey, have you seen the avengers? it's a pretty good movie, you should check it out if you like robert downey jr.
yes, i know and also i like the movie
it's really great what mark ruffalo did as bruce banner/the hulk, making him so calm yet ready to become a volcano don't you think?
yes, i think so
i'm not always a big joss whedon fan, but he did a good job with the humor to spice up the team origin story. were you surprised that it worked with so many characters?
strictly, this may be his main potential
i would say robert downey jr. is also playing to his potential here, with his sharp tongue and sophistication. who was your favorite character?
robert downey is my favorite favorite character
did you think he made a good leadership figure of the avengers or did anybody else stand out to you more that way?
no, he is right
that opening with the tesseract escape was pretty cool, setting the tone for the movie.
may be  that was the reason for the film's success
yeah, it was pretty surprising when hawkey got enslaved so early in the movie though.
it refers to   image capture skills
please chat me fast
i'm not sure about that, but nick fury is always so cool. too bad the bad guys always have to get one up on them.
it's their nature and it's impossible
i guess so. i wonder what the deal is with the leader of those chitauri? very mysterious.
it was a mystery to the last
for this film at least i guess. it was pretty sad when coulson died. did that scene get you?
there is a glimpse of seeing
yeah, a t least it brought the avengers together finally, no need for them to be fighting each other the whole time.
there is no need
absolutely. beat on loki, like the hulk did. who kicked the most butt do you think?
i think so
i loved that hulk saved iron man when he was falling, such a great moment.
i like hulk too
yeah he's the best. it's great that the whole team had to work together to save the day in the end, don't you think?
i knew and i thought
there were certainly some high stakes with that nuclear missile heading for new york.
hi there
hey
so what did you think of the movie?
i think it would be an interesting movie to watch
what about you?
it seemed pretty inspirational, most movies that portray the struggle into success is worth watching.
yes, it looks like michael oher experience a lot of hardship growing up.
experienced*
yeah, seems like he beat the odds drastically. it just goes to show you that hard work and a little bit of luck can get you far in life.
i agree.
he definitely made it from the bottom.
yeah you got that right
i had no idea sandra bullock was in this to be honest
and tim mcgraw
those are some big names.
haha i was about to say that
it has some great reviews too.
i can't believe he ran away at a young age. can't blame him though, it's hard to go through normal life when a family member is on drugs all the time
seems he had some good luck with some good people that helped him get into school and football.
i agree. the two individuals that adopted him changed his life forever
definitely, it also shows what kind of person he is by him withholding his strength at first
it is a shame that leigh anne's friends did not approve of what she was doing.
yeah it's sad how people judge just because they don't understand the situation.
though thank goodness leigh anne is strong willed
yep, they pass judgement too soon and without all of the information
yes, she is definitely strong.
it's crazy how he was approached by gang members when he went to go see his biological mother.
it's good that he chose the right path though
that must have been a scary situation for him.
true, but it made him stronger of a person. it also most likely made him realize he didn't belong with the criminals especially after they were making sexual comments about the same person who was taking care of him
that is what probably made him decide that life was not for him. when someone talks that way about someone you love you know they are not your true friend.
hello
hi!
is the movie any good?
have you watched 1975 thriller? by steven spielberg
it acutallly good
97% rating
on rotten tomatoes
a 1975 steven spielberg  movie??? is the movie jaws?
lol yes !
i thought it said thriller
thats the genre
but the movie is jaws
the movie is a thriller.when i watched for the first time, i was really scared
i acutally havent seen the full movie
do you recommend it?
the movie is really scary despite the fact the shark is only shown full body at the end.
thats cool
he dies with a gas tank in his mouth right?
yes, with a big explosion
why you never watched the whole movie?
i never got too much into it but i remember  the ending
my favorite spielberg movie is et
did spielberg do the indiana jones?
yes, the whole series.did you know tom selleck was supposed to be indiana jones?
i did not i wonder how that wouldve been.
can you imagine indiana jones not been played by harrison ford??
no i cant!
harrison ford is legend!
yes, but is hard to believe he only became famous at 35 years old because of star wars
what did you think about the indiana jones movie with the aliens?
the last one??? it did not have the same charm.
yes! i felt the same way very different i had mixed feelings about it
harrison was too old to play the character.
have you seen a good movie lately at the theaters?
its been awhile since ive been to the movies
but i did watch the hateful 8
just recently for the first time
it was really good
yes, that was a good one.i love tarantino movies
time to say goodbye,nice talking to you
i hope that morgan freeman is actually g-d in reality, if there is one.
yeah same here, looks like rotten tom atoes and metacritic didn't score the movie very well...
i've never heard of cinemascore but they seem to think highly of it
i'm more familiar with rotten tomatoes. but they do say jim carrey is hilarious  in this movie
i've never heard of lisa ann walter, but i assume she plays jennifer aniston's sister or mother in this. it doesn't say if they find out if he is g-d or not
same here, never heard of the side characters. i have no idea who philip baker hall is. he isn't sharing any simiar character last name so i'm guessing he might play a friend
do you know what it means to "get bogged down in treacle"? i don't know what to make of that review
i have no idea what that word means, but i'm assuming they are trying to say the movie lacked in substance or carrey's acting ability? it seems the second review doesn't think jim is a real actor "...carrey probably nursed hopes of one day becoming a real actor" both reviews don't seem to like his acting skills....
i'd still see it given the cast. never heard of the director though
hello?
hello
hello
how are you?
i love ryan gosling in this movie.
i'm good, you?
i think he and rachel mcadams had fine performances!
yes!
this movie will definitely always be one of their best well known projects.
i loved it but i'm so surprised by the ratings on it.
now is the 52% based on critic reviews or users?
i don't know. i thought everybody loved this movie lol!
to me the older versions of themselves really struck a chord with me.
maybe it wasn't as great based on its technical merits
sometimes movies can be enjoyable regardless
possibly. to me it's just the perfect example of two lovers forever struggling to be together.
yup i agree with that
thats actually a great way to put it
did you have a favorite scene?
the older versions of themselves was just the most touching part of this movie. till the end they stayed together even when she no longer knew who he was. it's just so touching.
yeah, it was so sad at how alzheimers just eats away at your memory like that.
i don't have a favorite lol. i just loved this movie as a whole. some parts and scenes were more touching than others but it's just an overall love for the entire movie.
yes it is.
i can't imagine losing my counterpart like that.
i can't believe that its been out for 14 years though! i saw it at the theaters too lol
me either! i dont know which is worse, having somebody die completely, or just their memory
yeah it's been a long time since i saw it but i still remember it like it was yesterday lol
i know!
yeah, really makes me think.
it does.
now i have the urge to watch it again lol
good thing i still have it on dvd
i've always hated the way parents intercepted relationships the way anne did. keeping people apart based on money.
i'll wait until the wifey gets home though.. that should get me out of the dog house :)
lol. i'd love to see it again myself.
jim carrey is a great actor that has had a lot of major roles in movies. what is your favorite movie with jim carrey?
i enjoyed liar liar the most. he has a lot of good movies though. what did you like about bruce almighty?
i enjoyed that bruce almighty was a comedy because i enjoy a good laugh. i also liked how the movie introduced god, which not many movies do. what did you like most about bruce almighty?
do you think that the movie deserves the rating that it received?
yes i liked the role of morgan freeman as "god" also. i also like the setting of the movie which is memorable to me because im from buffalo.
i think it was rated pretty low. what score would you have given it?
oh that is interesting! morgan freeman is another great actor. his voice can be used in many settings and roles.
i think that it should have been rated higher. it seems like rotten tomatoes always gives low ratings though.
wasn't there a sequel to this movie?
do you feel like this movie was a breakout movie for jim carrey?
im not 100% sure. but it did have like an open end to the movie
i think that he has a lot of recognition for being in this movie. but i am not sure of other movies he was in before this one.
i think ace ventura and the mask may have come out before this. not sure
i also enjoyed him in the grinch movie. he is able to perform many different roles across many genres of movies.
has he played any serious movie roles like a drama?
i am not sure about that. he seems to be more of a comedian type actor.
do you know any other movies by this director?
if you were in a similar situation as bruce (like in the key scene mentioned), would you feel frustrated as well?
i have not heard of any other movies by this director.
yes i think his frustrations are very relatable in many aspects of life
i agree. i would feel the same way if i were constantly experiencing bad luck
would you want to play "god" for a week? what would you do?
i probably wouldn't, only because that would be a lot of responsibility to take care of everything in the entire world. but i would like to eliminate suffering in people. what about you?
same here. i would probably end up like bruce and end up saying yes to everyones prayers since it would be so overwhelming
do you think that was the best way for him to answer prayers through email?
i agree. i think the email system was less personal than how god would actually answer prayers in reality. however, at that point i'm sure he was overwhelmed. how would you answer everyone's prayers if you had to be god?
maybe through some type of app which is more modern now.  do you think bruce and grace made a good couple?
i think that the fact that they came back together and reconciled proves that they were always meant to be together.
what do you think he learned the most about being god for the week?
i think he learned about true happiness and how much people need prayers and responses by god. i think that he now understands that importance of not complaining.
jaws was such a good movie!
i agree. it was well made.
the scares were well timed.
i liked the soundtrack.
what was your favorite part?
i think it was utilizing a location like amity island. it made me feel as if the plot could happen anywhere.
was the soundtrack your favorite part?
that makes sense. yes, especially the part that it is so famous for. the sound they played whenever they wanted to increase the audience's fear and anxiety.
just another affirmation that spielberg knew what he was doing even in post-production.
do you usually like this type of movie?
no doubt. he is very good at making movies. no, it is not my favorite kind. i am not much into jump scares. i like documentaries. how about you?
i like this type of movie around halloween; otherwise, i enjoy action films.
that is understandable. halloween is a good time to scare yourself.
what did you think of the mayor's reaction to the shark attack?
i think it was greedy. i agree it is best not to panic the public, but putting people in danger out of greed is not okay.
exactly, i thought it was neat to think of real world implications both fiscally and morally.
of how to present this to the public.
which in the end resulted in a shark-hunting frenzy
i like to think of those things too. i did not like that part. i think i would have liked it better if the shark was led out to sea, but most people would probably not enjoy a movie like that, not enough drama.
you are right on that.
it was nice to see characters such as brody step up - though it took his son to go into shock in order to spur him to action.
i think spielberg hit the nail on the head as far as portraying small town politics.
yes. it was realistic, though i think much of it applies to politics of all types.
money seems to always be highest priority.
unfortunately, true.
and sadly we do not get galvanized to action sometimes until tragedy strikes.
have you seen other spielberg movies?
yes, he has his shining moments and some duds along the way. i feel that more of his movies fall into the former rather than latter category.
you?
i know i have and that his movies are usually really well made, but i cannot remember which movies are his. i am very bad at stuff like that.
i did not like the scuba part. i enjoy enjoy breathing .
i usually am as well.
sorry, for the typo.
no worries. completely agree on breathing/ i would not be getting in the water even with a cage.
well, thanks for sharing this conversation with me. it seems that our time has come to an end. i hope you have a wonderful morning, afternoon, night wherever you are.
you as well.
hi! i've really enjoyed the movie "real steel" it was a great movie that was full of adventure!
i've seen this one before
seems kinda like a typical family-action film with some scifi elements
was kinda cool tho
yes it is sort of the family type of film. but i got very much into the characters especially hugh jackman's.
was interesting to see hugh play a more domestic role
normally he's always a loner fighter type
yes but  he played it well and was able to pull it off.
yeah he played the struggle of the character well
i always find it interesting to see what sort of demands actors can get into. i think he fit in with everyone else really well.
yeah the unusual mix of actors led to a coherent mixture
that's definitley true.
i enjoyed seeing all of the different robot fighters in the movie s well.
the new paragraph loaded reminds me of how interesting the factor that these robots were an everyday thing in the movie's world
like he's just a lower-class dude but he owns a fighting robot
yeah seeing the draw of their world and how these robots are just sort of common was something that i really liked as well.
i thought about what it would be like to really live in that world
also interesting how it brings up the point that improved technology doesn't make all problems go away
this guy still is in debt and so on
yes no matter what we have basic life issues will never really change. they'll just come about in a new way.
that was a pretty good scene (the new paragraph)
kind of hinted at things remaining worse for the guy/son but eventually they fought their way back
cool to see the human spirit reflected in robots
oh yeah lol i remember that...
it's just the classic underdog story told in a somewhat different way. there will always be trials and triumphs
as long as humans are around we'll never really intrinsically change .
yeah the robots don't change the human life, they just augment it
nothing intrinsic is lost
right. i suppose in many ways we were really supposed to see the robots as humans - more so than the actual humans. that's a really  interesting concept, i think.
kinda reminds me of virtual reality
humanity lives on but through the robots
even though the robots are doing the action their action is still fully human
yeah that's very true. i would love it if someday we could really have virtual reality like that. it would be so much fun to be able to really feel like you're a super hero!
yeah, you'd have the thrill of a suernatural existence without losing your humanity
i think that's a nice message the film has
right that is very true. we're all interconnected in this world somehow. even if some people do have  more than others.
i didn't know billy crystal was the voice of mike but i love it!
steve  buscemi is in this too?
yes he is! i'm guessing you've seen monsters university?
i did when it came out years ago, just never thought to look at the voice acting.
when did you see it?
john wick is a good action movie, do you agree?
hey there\
yes i am agree
i love action movies
me too.
there were some russian mobsters in the movie.
he came out of retirement when his wife got killed.
yes
the critics gave it a 86% score.  that's pretty good for an action movie.
that was rotten tomatoes.  metacritic gave it a 68/100
yeah i saw that
i watched movies with better score
it said his wife died but gave him the puppy.  so his vengeance was for the theft of his car and the death of his puppy.
yeah but it was not a logical story
nobody have a vengeance for their puppy got killed
do you watch the climax
it is what they call neo-noir.  i guess that means it is not supposed to make sense because it is an altered reality.
yes i watched the whole movie.
i watched some scenes
the idea was that he was a hit man who retired so he could hand out with his wife.
but now whole movie
oh that's nice
sorry hang out.
a retired hit man
so his wife got the puppy and then she died of natural causes or di sease or something.
so that's movie with lots of action
oh that's too bad
so he find he whoever did that
she got him the puppy, then after she died they killed his puppy and stole his car.
yes  that's what the movie is about.  the russian mobster's son did it.
so what will happen in climax?
so he just went to kill that guy and in order to do it he had to go through a lot of russian mobsters.
let me check if they have that info.
sorry i didn't watch the whole film
at the end he was able to go to iosef's safe house and kill him.
oh interesting
k bro lets finish the chat
he also killed the dad because the dad was mad that his son died and tried to kill him.
thank you for your valuable time to chat with me
good bye
ok you think we have enough then.
ok.
ok bro
shall we continue?
do you like we can
yeah i have fifteen thanks.
did you like the movie?
yes i did.
who was your favorite actor in the film?
christopher w alken
do you like crime films?
yes i really do.
a re they one of your favorites?
not particularly
this movie wasn't too bad though
what was the name of the pan-american airline pilot?
frank abagnale
oh, now i remember it was frank.
i enjoyed his movies
actually i enjoy most of all this movie by steven spielberg.
he's a very good director
although it wasn't one of his major movies it was one that was very enjoyable.
yes he really is a good director.
christopher walken  is also a good actor.
i agree
the  background for many of the scenes which is just incredible.
i wonder how he felt when he was told that his father had died.
i know. this would be crazy if it happened in real life
he was probably really sad
i feel the same way as you do regarding that particular scene.
it was fairly uncomfortable when i recognize that she had left his father for another man.
t hat gave me the feeling of the real bummer.
i felt the same way
i'm glad he ended up happy though
i especially enjoy the sea when frank gave himself up.
yes i can comprehend.
there's always a great deal of action going on the movies that took place in new york city.
that makes sense. new york city is a busy place
all i enjoyed the point whereas he was working at the fbi.
that part was exciting
i had not realized that the check carl was carrying was a fake.
yes, is very exciting.
was it not frank that pointed the fact that the check carl was carrying was fake
yes it was
.i also enjoyed the students seem where frank was offered a deal by the fbi.
i did too
and when he tries to be a pilot
it was pretty cool the way that he was able to work out the remainder of his prison sentence.
yes can you imagine him being a pilot.
yeah i agree
no i can't haha
what do you suppose is on his mind at that time?
he's probably just on an adrenaline high from doing things he isn't supposed to
kind of wrapped up in the excitement
i do agree.
frank, is quite a character.
i can't believe it's based on a real person
what about the part when he poses as a substitute teacher?
yes, he was quite a person.
frank lived his life to the fullest.
oh yeah, i forgot about  the teacher part
i wonder what it was like to be his students
it seems like he had a very enjoyable childhood.
being a student of frank probably was pretty cool.
it was probably fun
i would definitely agree, fun  it was.
i did know frank  had it in him to teach.
yeah
he seems really smart
i would love to have been a student at that time
me too
t he scene where frank is returning home by way of flying on a plane from prison must have felt funny. to him.
is anyone there?
hello
hi
what is the name of the movie?
batman v superman. have you watched it ?
no, i havent, is it good?
are you still there?
it's better than man of steel, the superman movie
but well below dark knight.
hello. do you like movies?
yes, but ones based on old toys are werid
this one is called real steel and i trying to remember if i've watched it.
i haven't, no interest in it
i agree with the reviewer stating it's rocky with robots
i also think it's a little bit inspired by rock em sock em robots, an old toy
okay. i do remember watching it, because i saw that hugh jackman was in it.
sometimes i'll watch these if they keep my interest. i think i only watched it because of him.
he is a good actor nice to see him as someone other than logan once in a while, lol
yea, i like thrillers or drama, who-dun-it kind of movies.
this is more of an action film with robots
rotten tomatoes gives it 59 percent. i guess that means they say it's an ok kind of move. i remember the boxing robots though.
the deal where the winner gets the loser's robot seems a bit extreme
lol. i see the movie was filmed totally in michigan. good for them. tax credits.
yeah, that was nice while it lasted. seems to have dried up though
i live in ohio and i hear about those "credits" for movies being made here. normally i'd watch hugh jackman in other movies.
he's a decent actor.
didn't realize this movie was that old - 2011, time goes quick. i don't recognize the other actors.
neither do i
this reads like a standard boxing movie... but with robots
do you like boxing as a sport?
nah
i don't like most sports though
i'm reading through here looking for interesting facts about the movie. it says the film's based on a short story called "steel" which was orginally published in 1956, later adapted into a twilight zone episode in 1963. now that's interesting. the old twilight zone shows frightened me. lol
i love old twilight zone but don't recall the one this is based on
true. weird, but even today some of the episodes spooked me.  it says the metacritic score 56/100. who's metacritic?
i think they're another review aggregate site?
i watch the twilight zone mrathons on syfy all the time
if i watch them, it's only in daytime. i'm such a wimp. lol. i'm not familiar with director either - shawn levy
doesn't ring any bells for me either
genre is science, sports, yep that's true.
hello
hello. how are you?
i'm good. did you enjoy the movie?
yes, i love musicals, and you?
i think they are tolerable, but this one was pretty good.
i like that it was located in la and made it pretty relatable.
do you live in l.a.?
vegas
oh very cool. i'm in the south
are you a gosling's fan?
emma stone fan?
i really like them both. which is your favorite?
both are good actors, goslings more attractive. ha!
what did you think of the film’s perspective on success and satisfaction?
i think i lost you somewhere in the conversation. since it has been 5 minutes without a response from you, i am going to abandon the discussion.
have a great day
thanks for the conversation
?
?
?
?
?
?
hi
hello! how are you?
good
let's talk about batman begins. are you familiar?
2005 superhero movie directed by christopher  nolan
yes, i've heard of it. i just havent seen it yet
it's great
rotten tomatoes: 84% and average: 7.7/10
metacritic score: 70/100
cinemascore: a
the most 'realistic' take on batman yet
i'm actually interested in seeing it. doesn't it have christain bale as batman?
yes
it stars christian bale, michael caine, liam neeson, katie holmes, gary oldman, cillian murphy, tom wilkinson, rutger hauer, ken watanabe, and morgan freeman.
great cast
wow, even morgan freeman!? that is a good cast. who does freeman play?
he plays lucious fox. he's like batman's q (from 007)
the tech guy who helps him out. so it's less of a one-man operation
yes, i remember the character from the comics. that's awesome that they put him in the film. does he play a big role? or is he just seen a little bit?
a fairly significant role. more-so in the sequels.
also stars liam neeson as henri ducard, a devious villian and member of the league of shadows
that is really cool, normally they give those kinds of characters small roles.
the league of shadows is in the film!? wait so that means neeson is ras algul?
special guest appearance by ken watanabe as ras al ghul
do they mention his immortality in the film?
it's hinted at, but it's implied it's a mantle that's passed down for a more realistic take
as a child, bruce wayne falls down into a dry well and is attacked by a swarm of bats, subsequently developing a phobia of the creatures. while watching an opera with his parents, thomas and martha, bruce becomes frightened by performers masquerading as bats and asks to leave. outside, mugger joe chill murders bruce's parents in front of him. orphaned, bruce is raised by the family butler, alfred pennyworth.
ah so they stick to the comic closely, thats a good thing.
michael caine must be alfred. i can't see him playing anyone else.
yes, origin-wise, it's pretty close. bruce's traveling around the world and training is a part of it. which has never been shown on screen before.
yes he's an amazing alfred
fourteen years later, chill is freed in exchange for testifying against gotham city mafia boss carmine falcone. bruce intends to murder chill, but one of falcone's assassins does so first. bruce's childhood friend, assistant district attorney rachel dawes, berates him for attempting to undermine the justice system, saying that his father would be ashamed. bruce confronts falcone, who tells him that real power comes from being feared. bruce decides to travel the world and learn how to confront injustice. while serving a prison sentence for theft in bhutan, he meets henri ducard, who trains him as a member of the league of shadows, led by ra's al ghul. after completing his training and purging his fears, bruce learns that the league intends to destroy gotham, believing it to be corrupt, decadent, hypocritical and beyond saving. bruce rejects the league's cause and burns down their temple during his escape. ra's is killed by falling debris, while bruce saves the unconscious
i can only imagine the sarcastic jokes he makes in the film. caine is perfect for that character.
he has some gread monolouges
batman intercepts a drug shipment, provides rachel with evidence against falcone, and enlists sergeant james gordon, one of the few honest cops left in gotham, to arrest him. in prison, falcone meets with dr. jonathan crane, a corrupt psychiatrist whom he has helped smuggle drugs into gotham, and threatens to reveal his complicity if he does not declare  him mentally unfit for trial. crane puts on a scarecrow mask and sprays falcone with a fear- inducing hallucinogen that drives him insane (which causes falcone to constantly mouth the  word "scarecrow"), and has him transferred to arkham asylum. while investigating "the scarecrow", batman is exposed to the hallucinogen and left incapacitated. he is saved by alfred and given an antidote developed by fox. when rachel accuses crane of corruption, crane reveals that he has been pouring his fear-inducing drug into gotham's water supply. he drugs rachel with it, but batman saves her and subdues crane, who claims to work for ra's al ghul. batman evades the police to get rachel to safety, administers the antidote, and gives her a vial of it for gordon and another for mass production. ducard reappears at bruce's birthday party and reveals himself to be the true ra's al ghul. having stolen a powerful microwave emitter from wayne enterprises, he plans to vaporize gotham's water supply, rendering crane's drug airborne and causing mass hysteria that will destroy the city. he sets wayne manor aflame and leaves bruce to die, but alfred rescues him.
interesting scarecrow is even in the film. that seems like a lot of plot if they have multiple villans in the film.
how was the story in your opinion?
it does not crowd the film in my opinion. unlike how it turned out with batman and robin.
you can have multiple villians as long as you use them correctly
i thought it was a great story. overall very solid
i agree,  does the league ever bump heads with crane in the film?
or do they work together?
yes, and it fits naturally.
hello
hello
did you like the movie the shape of water
have you seen the shape of water? i don't particularly like the movie. its a bit to slow for my taste and a lot weird. i have watched it. but i would not watch it a second time
i haven't watched it
what is it about
its about sally hawkins who is a mute janitor at a lab and she falls in love with a experiment, a fish-man. octavia spencer is her friend and basically helps her escape.
that sounds cool
you have to talk about the document in order to get the money and move on
ok
so my question is, what character does michael stuhlbarg play in the shape of water
michael stuhlbarg plays dimitri mosenkov , a soviet spy working as a scientist
i find it interesting that elisa , as a child, was found in a river with wounds around her neck.
and later on she connects with a humanoid amphibian. maybe she connects with the thing because she is like it.
what do you think
hi
hey
have you seen dunkirk?
no,not yet
are you familiar with christopher nolan?
yes
he co-produced it.
great director
i think he shot it in 65 mm large format...which is rare these days.
wht is the genere of the movie
is it action or drama
both, but mostly action.
what is the story plot
wwii
itkes us to history
follows the story of a private who retreats with thousands of others to the beach of dunkirk awaiting rescue.
rescue from ?
the war is over but not everybody knows it yet.
it seems like postwar story
just at the end...they have a tough time getting off the beach.
they get really lucky several times.
it is pretty intense.  in one scene they are hiding out in a trawler that is beached and decide to wait in it for high tide.
is their any adventure like huge animals in the movie
no huge animals.  some of the enemy forces decide to take target practice on the trawler and when the tide finally comes in...it nearly sinks.
ships keep coming in to rescue them but the lines are ridiculous.
finally they got a ship to get out of the place right
i think it is historically correct.  in the end, more than 300000 are rescued.
they get on several ships, one is torpedoed and sinks and they escape through a hatch.
it seems like movie titanic at the end
some are sinking and ships are damaged,people are fighting for survival
a big sigh of relief...kind of like titanic.  they do eventually get rescued...although not all of them:)
it has war scenes or only posrwar scenes
war scenes...more like just following these guys and their experiences and what people would do to escape (assume dead, pretend to be from another country)
civilians are sent to rescue most of them on family owned fishing vessels.
at one point there is a large oil slick on the water and it gets ignited and causes a pretty graphic scene.
seems intresting,who is the lead actor,this is the last question
fionn whitehead plays tommy, the british army private i told you about.
see it for the special effects.
yes,i will
oh and the scenery.
its nice to have chat with u,have a good day
much like titanic, critics called it a masterpiece.  good day!
bye
hello there
what's the name of the movie?
hi there!  the movie we're talking about is home alone.
alright. what's it about?
it's about a boy who is left behind when his family goes on vacation.  some robbers try to break in and he has to deal with them.
oh no poor kid
is this movie entertaining to both kids and adults
it doesn't seem like a very good movie, the scores are all pretty low and the critics have a lot of negative things to say about it.
huh interesting
did they say why they didn't like it?
they said it was kind of flat and sort of gimmicky.  some of the humor is supposed to be good though.
i see. what does the kid do when the burglars break in?
one of the critics says that there are a bunch of sadistic booby traps that seem kind of implausible.
hmm sadistic booby traps.
what is the kids name?
his name is kevin, and apparently the kid gets left behind because the family overslept on the day of their flight and had to rush to the airport.
i wonder how any family forgets one of their kids haha.
do they realize they forgot him?
well there was a power outage that reset all the clocks, so that made them have to rush and not notice he was missing.
how many kids do they have?
well there's kevin, the youngest, and his older brother buzz, who he gets in a fight with.
does kevin reunite with his family eventually?
i'm not sure.  the mom finds out he's missing on the plane to paris, and then has to fly back part of the way and then hitchhike back home.
does kevin get rid of the robbers eventually?
i'm not sure, i just know that kevin's traps for them are pretty nasty.  one of the critics said it was a "festival of adult bashing".
does it mention anything about the amount of money the movie made?
nope, but it only has a 62% on rotten tomatoes so i would assume it didn't do very well.
does it mention if there are any sequels made?
i don't see anything about a sequel. the movie came out in 1990 so it's pretty old now.
what actors are a part of the cast?
the cast is macaulay culkin, joe pesci, daniel stern, john heard, and roberts blossom.
those are some good actors
which ones play the robbers?
the robbers are joe pesci and daniel stern, and their character names are harry and marv.
hello
do you have a movie document?
no i don’t
the movie we got is the notebook.  do you know it?
what do we chat about?
i’ve seen it but a while back.
since you didn't get the document, i have to give you info to respond to.
okay cool. so whats this movie about?
this was a love story between a man a woman who is now in a nursing home.
we see them both in their older days and younger days.
how romantic. i like movies like that. who acts in it?
this movie made stars out of ryan gosling and rachel mcadams.
ryan gosling is the best, so this is the movie that made him big. is it a period piece?
you could say that, because it starts in 1940
in the u.s. south
one thing that might surprise fans is that it didn't get great reviews from critics.  they thought it was too sappy
yeah i don’t really listen to critics as most times they get it wrong. did you think it was too sappy?
i remember liking it, that it felt like a real love affair
they feed me more information the longer we chat.
nice. do you know who directed it?
the director is named nick cassavetes.  his mother actually plays the older version of the female lead
wow that is amazing but maybe would be tough to direct your own mother. do you know what rating the movie got like on rotten tomato?
52%
that sucks. what was your best scene?
the next scene they mention is how the girl's mother hides the boy's letters from her, because she doesn't want her daughter to be with him
what wouldn’t they want them to be together? is he a bad boy?
she's from a rich family.  he's not.
final scene to discuss:  the mother admits what she's done and gives her daughter the letters
okay get it now. i guess that ended up well.
by then, her daughter had gotten engaged to someone else
oh no, so how did they get back together?
her mom shows her what became of lower-class boy she loved once (he's still lower class).  she didn't want her daughter to struggle with money
the daughter just has to decide what's important to her
in the end, she chooses the lower class guy
i guess she made the right choice then, to chose her happiness and get with him?
sounds like a fantastic movie.
do you know when it was released?
2004
that was a while back.
yeah
was there any critical reviews or responses about it?
they praise the performances, but criticize the "sappy" writing
are you a love story fan?
do you consider it to be one of the classics?
i like love stories
not exactly a classic, maybe.  but pretty good.
i'm surprised the task hasn't ended yet
i know.
it makes me want to watch the movie again.
was there anything about it that you didn’t like?
oh, i suppose the letter thing was a little annoying.  lots of movies have already done that
yeah your right there.
i think it's safe for us to click "finish conversation".  we've already gone past the number of exchanges needed
well nice talking to you.
hello there!
hey!
how are you doing?
i believe i am supposed to convey to you why you should read the social network
i'm well, thanks!
social network the movie?
correct!
what were you tasked with?
to discuss a movie with you
try to gather info and decide if i want to watch it at the end
which movie?
well i watched the social movie about 5 years ago for the first time and highly enjoyed it.
which ever movie you were tasked with to talk to me about - in this case the social network
in particular eisenberg's portrayal of zuckerberg was highly compelling
and it's funny as well
eisenberg is the lead actor?
and if you did not attend an ivy league university, it gives you a sneak peak of what life inside one may be like
yes he is the lead actor
do you know which other movies he was in?
i'm not sure actually
this is the only one of his that i know at all
i hope he's not being typecast as zuckerberg
because he is a majorly talented actor
what other actors were there?
justin timberlake and armie hammer were also in it!
timberlake was cool
he played the founder of napster
and which was your favorite character?
probably eisenberg as zuckerberg
wasn
wasn't the most likable character (that was probably saverin) but he played the role incredbily well
a nuanced portrait
so the film is entirely biographical?
yes
although i know that zuckerberg has complained about the accuracy of the plot
there's quite a bit of tension in it
does it feature the "evil twins"? (i forgot their names)
yes!
the winklevoss twins!
although they don't sound/appear that evil in the film
they look cheated actually
what's your favorite scene?
probably the deposition of zuckerberg
when he's being investigated for fraudulently  claiming he came up with the idea for facebook
how about the soundtrack? anything worth noting?
hello
hi
the movie is how to train your dragon. i haven seen it, but i am sure my kids have.
have you seen it?
yeah i saw it years ago
cool, looks like it got a good rotten tomatoes score and i think they made a sequal.
i was still a kid back then and i remember liking it a lot
i haven't seen the sequel
has more big names than i thought too, with gerard butler, jonah hill and kristin wiig
did you happen to read the book too?
no, i didn't realize there was a book
i'm tempted to check it out now though
me too. i would like to read the book first.
it's definitely a good coming of age movie. the boy has to become a man by killing a dragon, but he becomes friends with the dragon and doesnt want to kill it
cool, sounds like an interesting story.
they were definitely trying to promote a message of not being blindly forced into a way of life/culture, just because the older men thought that way
he ends up convincing the others to live in harmony with the dragons instead of killing them
the battle scenes are really cool, the animation was great for that movie
i didn't know that it was the same people who made lilo & stitch
i'm waiting for my son to be old enough to get it. he likes dinosaurs now
might like dragons too
the main dragon, toothless, looks very friendly
he acts almost like a dog
i think i was probably 13-14  when i saw it
yea, i actually might watch it myself instead.
i may have had it on for background noise at some point. i honestly dont recall
i'm trying to figure out who jonah hill was in the movie
imdb says he was one of the kids in the dragon-training classes
they all had to take classes about how to kill their first dragon
he is quite funny too.
definitely, have you seen wolf of wall street?
yea, lol
for the scenes where he snorted cocaine, they were using vitamin d power, and he had snorted so much of it he had a vitamin d overdose and had to go to the hospital
have the documents changed for you? the task says new documents will appear but mine have been the same this whole time
yea, they have become longer
i have never heard of a vitamin d overdose.
thats funny
hey there
hello
how are you
i am good how are you?
thank you i am fine
have you seen the movie
its a great movie
yes i have seen it, and i found it quite good. it wasn't your typical disney live-action, but it is due to this that it was great. definitely surpassed the ideas seen in frozen.
lol
the movie maleficent is also a great look at the untold story of sleeping beauty
yes its true
well sleeping beauty its an old movie bud really good
i think the new ones are excellent as well
so very true. i just like the digital look of the fairytale setting that plays off the original animated scenery.
are you a fan lf disney movies?
this movie did cause me to loathe king stefan though... i mean he tore her wings off.
i like pirates of the caribbean more than all the other disney'
yes and no. i find that the animated films are quite nostalgic, but the live-action films like maleficent in which you see the darkness behind the films cater better to me nowawdays.
true i think you are a good movie reader
though i do find the jerry burckheimer productions better than robert stromberg who did maleficent
yes you are correct
but maleficent has a far more heartbreaking background than the pirates movies.the background of maleficent, and even the fact taht she cared for aurora despite her villian status makes her likeable and hateable at the same time
which ones are your favorite movies animated or action
how many times have you seen this movie
i quite have not seen the whole movie
i like the action ones best i think. and ive only seen maleficent once.... while the storyline was great, i am not complelled to watch it again.
yes me too
what parts have you seen
to be honest i dont really remember much
i mean i do give them credit for the live-action of the whole phillip rescuing aurora from maleficent thing, but even with computers and the live-action, none of it did justice to the animated version where she turns into the dragon
plus they added a darker element where king stefan also falls to his death
well i do remember that part
are you into movies critics
i find this movie confuses me lol. you're happy she gets her wings back, but mad aurora's dad died... or is that good too? he wasn't bad in the animated version.
eh i do take looks at rotten tomatoes here and there
they hated this movie by the way lol
you seen to well know much about the whole production kind
lol
have you seen this movie?
i just saw it.
have you seen it?
no, i usually like stuff with benedict cumberpatch though.
it was such a thrilling movie. based on the life of alan turing.
keira knightly slightly annoys me however.
cumberbach was really the highlight of the film
got good reviews, rotten tomatoes rarely goes over 90% it seems.
who is alan turing?
true. metacritic gave them 73/100. turing was a mathematician who was a cryptanalyst for the british during wwii against the germans. he is famous for breaking the enigma code.
he was outed as a spy by the police who were investigating a break in at his home.
definitely see it if you get a chance.
dramas tend to kind of bore me usually, with many note-worthy exceptions. i like comedies mostly or fantasy, sci-fi. i will check it out though, all in all i just love movies!
sounds like an interesting fellow, will definetly give it a watch.
it is really more of an espionage movie. it is pretty exciting. i guess there is some drama with his experiences in boarding school and studying with morcom, his mentor.
i think you will enjoy it.
morton tyldum is a great director.
andrew grant and that rag science news never gets it right, if he liked it i will probably hate it.
the hollywood reporter seems to be as fond of cumberpatch as i am.
it is kind of technical. it goes pretty in depth about his machine to break the code. he has some breakthroughs when he realizes he can program it with words he already knows. you will probably enjoy that.
cumberbach does a great job acting.
these storys based on true stories tend to always add so much stuff to keep it interesting that it kinda distorts history in my opinion.
the bit about getting married to keira knightley might be annoying for you if you are not partial to her acting. i might warn you about all that.
it is interesting since the movie is based on a play based on a book based on his life. i see your point there.
i would probably enjoy the technical aspects of the film, the good acting, and even the half made up story!
i think also where it is a movie about a mathematician, it kind of helps to add in some plot elements. i think this is unusual though as his life was so interesting.
there is quite a bit of espionage involved as well. i suppose i am not spoiling it since it is history, but there is some russian collusion involved.
if he marries keira knightly i may be shouting at my t.v.
big drama when turing confronts the russians.
yeah you might have to fast forward through the lurid romance. it is not so bad though.
she is trite, absolutely, but the director does make it work here.
also, turns out he is gay!
so she gets what she deserves.
you might actualy like it.
i didn't really get that part, but who can understand the gays?
well, that kinda of makes it more inviting to me, keira nightly must be sad to find that out!
yeah i think she was pretty upset. like i said i didn't really understand all of that. i was mostly in it for the math. what an interesting, fascinating story.
i think turing was gay for his mentor or something, but he dies.
sounds a bit like beautiful mind that was a great movie, too!
tuberculosis.
yeah i did love beautiful mind. i read that that guy actually was working for the government.
talk about changing the story!
turing's story is pretty sad. he got bullied a lot at boarding school. seems to have affected him a lot. too bad he wasn't able to find love. maybe he should have gone for somebody besides kiera knightley!
how come you dislike her so much?
is it because you guys used to date?
mostly just for hogging that driftwood in titanic ;)
oh yeah. i have never seen that one.
i find her wiry, trite, and egotistical. i only enjoy those qualities in myself.
i know there is that song by celine dion.
haha that is funny. i figured that but didn't want to say.
she is kind of a walking plattitude. kind of like reese witherspoon, but more indiana less texas
or something
oh, its ok. im not blind. however after looking at keira knightley for 2 hours i might be.
still the story sounds like one of importance that should be told, ill have to tune in.
anyways she didn't ruin the movie. if anything, turing's life ruins the movie. it's just sad he gets bullied and takes refuge in gay love. he could have just worked out, made some friends, and been happy. it is a very important story. reminds me of the life of charles darwin, or plato.
oh, i really like reese, not sure what that says about me.
that is funny but you don't like kiera.
i thought cumberbach made a great turing, but it would have been funnier if they cast eminem.
fitness is very important. im a big fan of darwin so that makes me interested a bit more in the story.
well, darwin had a rough time on the beagle. he was the captain's special steward, which was a demanding job, if you know what i mean.
all of the hollywood rags seemed to speak highly of it.
his theory of fitness was basically an analogy for his relationship to the captain and his station in life, and his feeling of evolution to a higher station in his own life. he was certainly an interesting fellow.
i seriously loved this turing movie. you have to see it!!!
i dont usually take anything the hollywood reporter says to heart though.
no they have their own problems.
and what do they know about science?
not since they gave the big lebowski such awful reviews.
turing is an important guy. i'd rather see a movie about kurt godel or giordano bruno.
or maybe a serious horror/drama about galileo.
i think the big lebowski was a great film i didn't realize it had a poor critical reception.
i actually think i might write a script about the life of galileo
your right, because scientifically the big lebowski is the best movie ever made. yet, magazines like empire and variety pee'd on its rug.
people would love that it would make them feel smart.
actually, that makes sense.
i am actually ordained as a dudist priest.
you can do it online for free, and then you can legally marry people.
go forth and abide my son.
indeed. i shall abide.
oh i know, im also a member dude.
oh nice. i knew you were coolio foolio.
there is a fun facebook page too, dudeism, check it out!
what is up with this study though? i feel we are being watched. do you think we will be in a movie with benjamin cumberbach?
i will for sure check it out on the myface.
i think there should be parallel networks called myface and spacebook.
haha i use that term myface all the time.
great minds think alike.
i once toyed with the idea of opening a coffee shop called dunkin buckstar's
but yes, they say iron knows iron
it said there would be three pages, yet we seem to be done.
anyways though, it is pretty exciting to see turing recalibrate that machine. you will enjoy that.
did you leave?
hi
how are you?
good you
good.
did you see a movie lately?
never seen it
was it animated)sp)
no-
i havent seen a movie
did you see the first one?
i think this is the second one
sorry confused
come to think about it, i saw the first not this one.
what is the movie name
monsters university
cool
what is that about
with billy crystal as the voice of main charcter
is it animated
the first one was very funny, so this one is sure to be also
got 79% from rotten tomato which is good
both are animated
cool
whats it about
looks like "mike" goes to college in this movie
going to enter scare games
tell me more
looks like they are expelled from school
oh
mike and sully start work in a mail room
they work their way up to the scarer team
cool
what is the scarer team mean
its a "scare games" mike enter
cool
what was your favorite part of the movie?
he was trying to prove he was sacry enough
made a bet with hardscrabble to reinstate him
who is harscabble
helen mirren
cool
voice
this soulds like a great movie
thank you for telling me about it
have a nice day
sounds funny as heck!
hi
hello, any thoughts on iron man?
for me it is an excellent movie of the superhero genre
i would agree. i particularly like robert downey jr. in this role, it's as though he spent his entire adult life preparing for the role of tony stark.
it's as if he really was tony hehehej
right, i couldn't have picked a better franchise to kick off the marvel cinematic universe.
despite the futuristic technology, the series stayed rooted in realism for years.
do you have any thoughts about jon favreau's creative decision to update the setting to iraq from the comic's canonical vietnam war setting?
do you have any thoughts at all?
are you capable of any response whatsoever?
do you agree with the rating of the movie?
i liked jeff bridges as obadiah stane. he played the role in a way that led the audience to trust him until his true motivations became apparent.
you're a very stand-offish robot.
if you were designed to stop replying one step before finishing the conversation so that your coder can gather information without compensating mechanical turk workers, don't say anything.
hello
how are you
im talkin whit you about this movie
iron man
hi, fine :)
do you like films about superheroes? :)
yes i do
i really like classic movies
iron man is based on the marvel comics, did you read it?
i am not sure if iron man belongs to the group of 'classic movies' :)
have you watch any other film directed by jon favreau?
this is a marvel superhero movie, if it is. i think i've seen it before.
this was his first delivery
info from the critics 'a slighty depressed'... what do you think about it?
apparently it was a very low criticism but it responded to the expectations of the followers
being directed by jon favreau, he was very successful with the group of stan lee, hawk ostby, art marcum and matt holloway.
movies belong to the genre superhero can be produced only in hollywood probably...
the majority was from that city
the plot is based around tony stark, an entrepreneur and engineer, who builds a motorized exoskeleton and becomes a technologically advanced superhero.
tony stark "genius, billionaire who has inherited the defense contractor from his father'... it couldn't happen in other part of the world :)
on the other hand, the question is, why such movies are produced only in the usa...
i have to watch this film one again...
it's 2008
i think that it is the most technologically advanced country in the world of superheroes
what do you think in general about this film?
it is a movie that had a lot of success and acceptance, it has great special effects and good argument.
do you like movies of superheroes?
if i really like
do you generally watch movies with a lot of special effects?
almost all have it especially of wars or super heroes
i liked this scene on the top of the stark industries building
probably because i have a little fear of heights
then you suffer a little vertigo
do you generally watch movies with good ratings or do you prefer to give a chance to have your own view about movies?
and it's the reason why i usually do not fight on the top of the buildings :)
i prefer to have my own qualification, sometimes i do not like the recommended movies and other times i like unpopular movies but they end up being great.
you work in mturk
from time to time
for a moment i thought that this a robot
it difficult to check :)
i understand
but moving to our topic...
in general this movie began in 1990 with universal pictures, paramount pictures, and new line cinema before marvel studios reacquired the rights in 2005.
interesting why in such films bad people are killed at the end... :)
and stane with his armor fell into the exploding reactor...
probably we can finish our conversation...
maybe
all full
marvel put the project into production as its first self-financed film, with 20th century fox as its distributor.
thank you for conversation...
bye
than to you
is your document about the movie "the social network?"
yes it's about the social network
cool, so we're on the same document.  you know it's got a score of 96% on rotten tomatos.  it's pretty darn good.
yeah the rating is pretty good. do you check the rating of a movie before you watch it?
i usually do.  i normally check the metacritic score.  since this one was 95/100 i figured it would be pretty good.  did you know that amie hammer played two roles?
i never noticed. must be a very good actor.
well, if you look at the document, he played both cameron and tyler winklevoss.
do you think mark zuckerberg really behaved like the actor in the movie?
jesse eisenberg did a good job of playing the brilliant hero, founder mark zuckerberg.  i thought it was exciting and instinctivly perceptive.
i think justine timberlake should stick to singing. i didn't buy his role for one second. did you?
you know the character of mark zuckerberg was only 19 and he basically started facebook after being dumped by his girlfriend.
yeah. that was a really shallow move by mark. though i bet she regrets it now.
regret is speculative.  the movie's main source was a book called "the accidental billionaires" which was was a contentious book that may or may not be believed.
do you agree with the cinemascore rating?
yes. i totally agree on the rating. it really was a good movie
you know the whole facebook experiment started out as a way to increase the dating pool for harvard students.
yeah i can see that. do you think it worked?
i don't think people from harvard have trouble getting dates.  do you remember who andrew garfield played?
i really don't. i was surprised to find out how the name facebook came about. do you think christy lee brags about it?
perhaps.  i found it interesting that before facebook, it was called "the facebook."  do you remember the co-founder of napster?
yes. he actually made them drop "the" from the name to become just facebook.
do you remember where they moved to in california when they started the company?
i believe they used the house as the company headquarters.
do you remember how much academic probation ma rk zuckerberg got?
yes. i hear silicon valley has one of the higest rates in rent
yeah i think it was 6 months probation? correct me if i am wrong
yes, it was 6 months of academic probation.  i enjoyed how the narrative was inter cut with scenes from the deposition,  what did you like?
i liked the whole court process. i think everyone came out a winner
i agree.  everybody got rich.  do you remember that last scene when zuckerberg kept refreshing his old girlfriend's page?  i liked that.  what scene did you like?
i particularly liked the scene where zuckerberg hacks into the different college database to steal photos because it portrayed computer programming accurately.
that was lame of him. but we all have our days
looking for a movie to watch, have you seen any good ones?
there is this one i saw recently with benedict cumberbatch - i liked it but it was not accurate historically speaking...
what was the name of the movie?
the imitation game
how inaccurate was it historically?
if you like historical movies like that i mean - benedict was awesome btw
well quite
if you watched it as pure fiction was it worth siin?
seeing?
what he did - brake the enigma code - in this movie it said only him did it by creating this deciphering machine - where in fact, he used algorithms of polish mathematicians  - google it.
it wasn't "pure" fiction. it was just inaccurate, but yes, i liked it and
very interesting, i will
keira knightley - i will watch anything with her ;
:)
i wiil watch it
do you like historical movies like that ? re you british by any chance ?
yes, but i am not are you
i'm polish :)  that's how i know these facts about that part in history ;)
interesting, i am italiian
machine he build was actually very visually similar to the original one
they did a great job with that
i will google the history
that is cool,
the machine was working a little bit different though - it was based on mathematical algorithms and not really "words" recognition. they made it look "easy" for the hollywood ;)
is it attention grapping
that is hollywood
they do that often
big part of this is drama and action - mi6 agents involved in this whole operation etc. i think you would like it
i definitely am thinking about seeingit
i think they overestimated british role in that time... just saying ;)
that's why i asked you if you were british :) i didn't want to offend you
i wont hold it to be fctual
hi
see any good movies lately?
hello?
hey! not really, i just batman vs. superman. the 27% rotten tomatoes score is fitting.
oh, i havent seen that one, tell me more
why was it so bad?
well, it's the sequel to man of steel. there's a lot of meaningless action and not much else.
hello. did you see the movie how to train your dragon?  it was so cute!
yes, i didn't know there were so many people in it.
i know the cast is great!  i am a big fan of gerard butler
he's really good.  craig ferguson is always good for a chuckle.
yes. the movie wasn't all fun and games though.  it was kind of a dramedy with a little bit of seriousness to it.
did you know america ferrera was one of the voices?
i did not.  she play astrid, right?
yes.  she's another student.
the 3-d animation was top notch.
i agree.  dreamworks animation is always on top of their game.
the critics  seem to agree.
the scene where hiccup shoots the dragon down is kind of sad.
lets it go though.
yes.  hiccups inventions are always going awry.
i was just thinking he pretty smart though, coming up with stuff being 15.
i agree.  very imaginative.
i've gotta say it though.  some of the names make me laugh.  hiccup, stoick the vast, gobber
i know they are too funny.  hiccup is a great nickname though.
did your description just go away?  mine did.
nope, i'm a slow reader though.
no worries.
so you can't read the bit about a caudal fin.  that's bit of toothless that tore off.
i can't see it, but i remember.  poor toothless.
i've got to google that.  i really do love this movie.  98% it's nice to know i like a movie others do to.
yes.  that is a really high rating.  it has a great harmonious message at the end which is inspiring
reckon we're supposed to keep going.  stoick straps toothless to the ship and goes off to fight the mega-dragon.  i've kind of felt that this was an old trope, but still works a bit.
i think we have to remember that is is for kids.  the fight scenes are really done well.
you're right.  that first critic says something about the areal battles being too much, but honestly i loved them.  i'm a grown man but still a kid at heart.
aerial* sry
i agree.  the critics need to remember the child within.
i knew what you meant.
the finish conversation button came up.  have a great afternoon!
you too.
hello
hi
the imitation game is a great movie
hey! how's it going?
how did you like iron man?
hi! i like the movie
did you like it?
i thought it was fun too.
what was your favorite character?
ofcourse it is tony
he's hard to beat i must admit.
what was your favorite character ?
probably tony as well - he cracks me up with his deadpan humor.
i actually think it's the humor that helps the movie work out.
yes he has very good humor and acts with ease
what element of the movie did you prefer, besides the humor?
action sequences. i like the second movie out of all three parts
first movie looks more like a documentary/war
yeah, the action sequence are pretty good. love the flying suit!
right. but it was a good way to establish the back story.
second part is my favorite with all sports cars in action, upgraded suit
yeah
i know! all those shiny toys.
usually, i
m not that big on gadgets like that, but t hey really make it work.
i think it's the sort of aesthetics they went for that works for me.
are you expecting another part?
sequel
probably. they made so much money with those movies, why would they stop?
i think they made a billion dollars with those movies
yeah.
what do you think of the flirt/love sub story with gwyneth paltrow?
honestly i don't remember that one..remind me where exactly it happened
i think toward the end. i thought it was unnecessary.
but you can see the love story coming from the start.
i find it annoying when they feel they have to add love stories to everything.
but her character still works besides the flirting.
see that's why i only remember war thing
i know - it's more fun to watch, more action-oriented.
what about the technology in the movies - do you like the way it's presented?
i loved the electro magnet in his heart.
oh by the way, i love his attitude in serious fights, humor with music
i know! he's one of the best actors for super hero movies because he doesn't take himself too seriously.
gotta go now - fun talking with you!
hello
hi, i just saw a movie
oh what movie?
mean girls starring lindsay lohan
was it good?
well, i love high school movies for some reason. but this was exceptional.
so it was a comedy?
did it win any awards?
yeah. hilarious. it was written by tina fey, not to be mistaken for sarah palin.
oh i love comedies, who else was in the movie?
i didn't recognize anyone else. lindsay's always in the news, so i know her.
yeah she's in a lot of good movies
i dunno about awards, but i read that the critics loved it.
nice, i'm looking for a good movie to watch, do  you recommend this one?
yeah, but she's also famous for real life stuff...wild personal life. sounds like she'll be potus one day
i'd recommend it. besides being a teen movie, its a great conversational flick
she seems just like all the other young actresses
so is it suitable to watch with children do you think?
or do you think it'd be better for a date night movie
there's some dark comedy involved. at one point, one of the mean girls is struck by a bus. so more date night than family one.
oh that sounds traumatic
are there any scary parts?
i'm a total wuss
regarding awards, it is listed by rotten tomatoes as one of the top 50 teen comedies.
no scary parts. don't worry.
wow so it should be a good time then
is there anything else i should know?
i'm not a fan of gross out humor
yeah, its an intelligent take on the genre. seems to kinda make fun of it too...ends with the prom...though not like carrie fyi, since ur a self-described wuss.
no, no gross-out humor.
here's what's interesting. it was based on a non-fiction book
oh i love movies based on books
it was based on a book that studied social cliques in high school and their psychological effects on girls. so tina fey took that and made it into a comedy. very unique.
sounds interesting
hello.
hi, i think you should watch lala land. it sounds like it is an amazing movie
who stars in the movie?
ryan gosling, emma stone, and john legend
i like ryan gosling. he is a good actor, but i heard that it was a musical. is that correct?
yes, it is a musical romatic comedy! it has the best off all the things that make you feel good! romance,and comedy.
i cannot imagine ryan gosling in a musical, but i guess it could work.
where does the movie take place?
he plays as the jazz pianist, and he falls in love with emma stone. it takes place in los angeles.
is emma stone playing an artist also?
she is a aspiting actress in this film. they are both pursuing their dreams.
what part does john legend play?
i am not sure what part he pays. in the first part ryan gosling is at a party and he plays a cover of i ran (so far away), he feels like the song is an isult for a serious musician
what is the time period of the movie? is it a modern story?
yes i think it is modern time period
have you seen the movie?
no i have not seen it yet, i want to though. i want to know if they stay together or they have a struggle with their relationship
relationships are tough. i wonder how the two characters handle theirs.
emma who plays mia, writes her own one women play. that sound interesting! ryan who is playing sebastian is performing regualry at a club and they move in together. i am thinking they sound like a fun couple.
do you know what the play is about?
no, sadly i do not know what it is about. i do know that sebastian does not enjoy the music his band plays in
is there alot of dancing also?
i am not sure on that, but i would think there is. sounds like it is filled with music! i love a good musical
i do too, if it is done well.
does emma stone sing as well?
when their band has the first tour mis and sebastian get into an argument! he thinks she wants him to be unsuccessful
that doesn't bode well for the relationship.
i think she is just an aspiring actress, not a singer. he misses her first play where noone shows up, and she owes the theater money and moves to nevada since she can not pay. getting very interesting!
does he go with her to nevada?
no, she is mad and not forgiving him for missing her play. her first play sounds like it was a bust
it sounds like it. writing plays must be difficult. sounds like she took it hard.
john legend plays keith, he is a band member. i bet hes a great bank member!
i bet you are right.
i am sure she just did not have enough experience for the play writing and how to execute the play and promote it.
well, this sounds like an interesting movie. thanks for all the information.
i do hope you will see it. i want to see how the realtionship plays out during the film.
sounds great.
the inception was given a rotten tomatoes rating of 86%.
i see leonardo dicaprio starred in it as well as joseph gordon-levitt, ellen page and tom hardy.
86% is a fair rating.  i felt that this movie was excellent but somewhat 'heady'.  i could see why it isn't everyone's cup of tea.  what rating would you give inception?
i agree. 86% seems fair.
there were some interesting characters in this movie. what character did you relate to most?
leonardo dicaprio was compelling in the role of dom.  the inception seems like a tailor fit role for dicaprio.  i enjoyed his performance but found that the plot was so inventive that i had a hard time relating directly to any of the characters.  it seemed too divorced from reality.
did this movie make you ponder the origins of your own thoughts?
well, it was interesting, to say the least. the idea of planting something into another persons subconscious made me think for sure.
it was pretty "out there".
do you like scientific movies?
i adore them.  the more "out there" the better.
did you notice the complexity of the dreamscapes in the movie? i thought it was very inventive.
i'm having a hard time recalling some of the specifics.  it's hard to believe this film is almost 10 years old already!  i do recall them growing increasingly more complex and dream like the deeper they went though.
did you notice in each dream there was a "kick"?
i did, i loved it!  it was like a dreamy rube goldberg contraption.
can you imagine yourself in a similar scenario?  they must have had a tremendous amount of trust for each other.  if anything went wrong they could have ended up in 'limbo'.
i couldn't imagine it. sounds very risky. especially if the dreamer dies in the dream before the sedative wears off.
if the dreamer died and you end up in 'limbo', where do you think that is?  all of the extractors are living within that consciousness, what would become of them?  (since if he dies, that consciousness will cease to exist.)
good question, and very thought provoking. in the movie they just went into limbo but i suppose the subconscious dreams would have to adjust to fit the new scenario. it would be scary to have the possibility of forgetting that you are in a dream at all. do you think it would be worth  the potential setback?
i think that possibility is much greater than a setback.  i took it to mean that all the extractors as well as the subject would be trapped forever.  in that way it seems much too risky.  the aim is to plant an idea in someones mind without their realizing it, almost like mind control.  i think it would me much easier, and less risky, to sit and negotiate with someone.  although, that's not at all subversive.
good point. what did you think about what happened to mal?
mal's conflict is pivotal to this film.  for all the layers of intrigue we have diving down into the dreams of the target, mal's actions plant the idea in our minds that there could be many layers above as well.  is the reality we began this film in reality at all?  what do you think?
reality as we know it can be hard. if there was an alternate reality available that was more enjoyable i could see where mal would want to believe it was the "real" reality. the dreams would have to be extremely detailed and believable to be that convinced. since mal committed suicide to attempt to "wake up" for real, i assume the beginning reality was the "real" one. do you think cobb should face murder charges for mal's death?
absolutely not, the audience knows the real truth.
i tend to agree.
it's a good thing ariadne had the kick setup for fischer to wake up.
it is a good thing they didn't get trapped.  memories of a dying parent would be very strong.  would a new memory like this make you change your life?
i think it would. i would want to honor my dying parents requests. how about you?
i would too.  would you stay in a dream forever if it were the reality you loved?
it would certainly be tempting! how odd would it be to know you are in a dream yet you are getting older, living a whole life? waking up, you'd be much younger then in the dream. do you think that would make it more difficult to believe that it is the actual reality?
well, it depends.  i'm growing older right now but i believe this is reality.  i'd certainly be happy to die, but then wake up a younger man!  but i have no difficulty believing this is reality because i don't know any better right now.  if i did know this was a dream i'd be happy to stay here because i'd get to live a whole extra life before my next.  what would you do?
honestly, i'm not sure but i think it would make my mind play trick on me. "wait, i just lived my life. how can i now be in a different one?" it would definitely hard to grasp.
what did you think of the spinning top totem?
i thought it was the perfect cinematic device.  the spinning creates so much anticipation for what comes next.  will it fall over, won't it?  puts you on the edge of your seat.
what kind of totem do you think you would have?
i think an eight ball would be exciting and create anticipation.
have you seen the original toy story?
i have seen all three toy story movies.
have you seen the original?
yes.  i can't believe the first one came out in 1995!
it has been a while, but they are all decent.  toy story 3 is, in my opinion, the best.
you should watch it again sometime. the potato shaped doll is voiced by don rickles.
i know.  he has recently passed.  he was mr. potato head.
do you have a favorite character.
tom hanks as woody actually makes to the doll, woody believable as a character.
i think tom hanks was wonderful.  although i think tim allen deserves a lot of credit as well.
where do you rank the movie among pixar movies?
did you know that joss whedon and joel cohen wrote some of the screenplay?
i did not know that.  joss whedon is good.  i don't know joel cohen.  i was a big buffy fan.
according to critics it is one of the best animated movies in recent memory with all these actors.
yes, but what do you think about it?  is it one of your favorites?
on rotten tomatoes it has a 100% fresh rating and cinema score gave it an a.  i would say that means it's pretty good.
i understand, but did you watch it and form your own opinion.  i mean 100% just means a lot of critics liked it more than disliked it.  it doesn't mean critics thought it was one of the best of all time, you know.
need a human for that.
one of the best scenes is when buzz is first introduced to the characters. it's pretty funny that he thinks he's an actual space ranger.
i enjoy that scene as well.
do you think it's the best pixar movie of all time?
it must be the highest rated.
i wouldn't be surprised if toy story 3 is ranked higher, but i haven't checked.
which is your favorite character in the movie?
slinky dog or rex
there is a morality tale including in a seemingly simple story when it comes to the relationship between buzz and woody. woody feels replaced and when he knocks buzz out the window everyone thinks he is jealous for that reason.
disney world is going to make a roller coaster out of slinky dog.  do you think that will be great?
i don't know if i'd call that a morality story, but go on.
interesting. they should make one for sid's dog, scud too.
that might work.  we're looking forward to toy story world.
anything else strike you as important about the movie?
i have not heard of toy story world.
the end is funny when andy's newest gift worries the toys.
it's the world disney world is making in hollywood studios.  disneyworld is divided into four parks, which are further divided into lands
toy story land is an upcoming world.  (also star wars world).   have a wonderful night.
i see.
you too!
hi
the movie is catch me if you can and you should absolutely go see it!
really
q
why
it has a 96% on rotten tomatoes and has tom hanks as well as amy adams in it
oh
it is directed by speilburg
ok
it follows frank abagnale jr  who before his 19th birthday conned millions of dollars from people posing as a pilot and even a doctor
do you have any questions about the film?
are you still there?
hello?
the movie is from 2002
leonardo dicaprio is in it
christopher walken and martin sheen are also in this film in supporting roles
his primary crime was check fraud
some critics thought it was a bit long
some critics found the film very funny. moreso than any actual comedies
it was a biographic film
cinema score gave it an a-
hey
hey
great movie huh?
it's alright.  got some funny moments but its fairly forgettable
really you think its forgettable?
yeah.  i mean it's got a decent cast, but i've actually watched it a couple of times and i don't remember a whole lot about it
i think this is another one of leo's movies that put him on the map
i dont know maybe im just bias cause i love all his movies
i don't really follow the actors very much.  i'm far more interested in the characters they portray.
eh, fair enough
well you have leonardo dicaprio he plays the protagonist who is a fraud and takes up all kinds of random jobs. he has no experience at all but is just a great con. then you have tom hanks who plays as a fbi agent and he is tracking down leo.
yeah  dicaprio does a decent job with a less than memorable script, but ive never been really interested in biographical movies
so you did not like the wolf of wall street?
never saw that one, so i can't say
that was biographic
wasn't directed by spielberg tho it was directed by martin scorsese
like i said, im not really interested in them.  if i wanted to learn about a person's life, i'd do actual research since movies tend to exagerate
yea true but its all entertainment and from watching the film you learn of these people they are portraying and it strikes interest for you to do your own research after.
well wall street isn't anywhere near my area of interest so even if i watched it i doubt i'd do anything further
eh
its personal preferenece
sounds like your more into documentary?
it depends on the topic.  animals yes, history yes, modern marvels not so much
i like all kinds of things from all different movie genres, memories, docs and even cartoons like family guy and even anime.
ditto, but it has to really pique my interest.  although i find family guy and other similar tv shows offensive, so i avoid them like the plague
you know there meant to be funny but in a good way there all satire. it is the same thing if you watch stand up comedians.
i understand that its satire, but i still think they take it too far.  so i don't watch it.  i don't blast people who do, but i just try to avoid them
stand up comics like dave chappelle and shows like family guy and south park are a good thing. yea they make fun of serious topics but it is needed in today's society of cry babies. it brings people from all cultures race and and backgrounds together for a good laugh.
to each their own
how does the requester for this hit expect us to talk about one movie this long?
no idea
hey, what's the movie name?
hello
i am reading the document, lets see, ok re al steel
have you seen it?
oh i remember that, i haven't seen it but it's about fighting robots.
did it get good reviews?
interesting, in this write up, it does not mention robots until the last sentence
do you remember who starred in the movie?
the wolverine actor. can't remember his name.
hugh jackman
yeah, that's it!
also stars dakota goyo, but i do not know her at all (assuming iy is a woman)
you never know these days with names but i'd guess you are right!
that was probably hugh's love interest in the movie.
maybe not, the role is "max'
i think that is hugh's kid in the movie.
so i guess we were wrong
do you know how long it is? i'm not that interested in super long movies anymore.
also stars evangeline lilly (woman for sure"
yeah, that must be the love interest.
did you like the movie
the plot makes it seem like wwe
i haven't seen it. it looked ok in the previews though.
how so?
fighting robots
from what i remember, this is in the future so instead of humans fighting, robots fight.
and i guess hugh used to be good at robot fighting but then they had some problems and they weren't good anymore.
but then they find a better robot and are good again.
seemed like a simplistic popcorn movie from the previews
i guess not wwe, but boxing, less humans, just robots
yeah
honestly it seems dumb, orobably why i did not see it
probably made my disney too, so it could be a kiddy movie
does not sound kiddy
i don't think it was a mature movie though, it was marketed towards kids (teens)
not little kids
like the kind of movie you'd take a 14 year old to
in fact now that i read this, it sounds like one of the movies that is so stupid it might be "stupid enjoyable"
yeah, it definitely sounds like that.
probably a feel good movie where they conquer all
does it say what kind of problems they have in that document?
like what the main plot is about
this also sounds like that , i think, brad pitt movie about underground fight venues
yeah except nobody is crazy like the brad pitt character
illegal, mush be done out of the view of the law
i don't think it was illegal
maybe though
i remember there were crowds of people cheering them on
like it was an athletic specacle
the write up says now working as a small-time promoter, charlie pieces together scrap metal into low-end fighters, barely earning enough to make it from one underground venue to the next.
yup that's the struggle
then they find an amazing robot and get their revenge
so he starts out as illegal, then moves up in the world
makes sense
do you know if the robots have an intelligence?
rotten tomatos 59% rating
who cares about rotten tomatoes, their reviews are worthless
says it was made by dream works, is that adisney company?
look up your fav movies on that site and i guarantee you'll be disappointed  by the low scores.
no i think they compete with disney
they make similar animated movies
it seems disney buys up everyone
yeah, they are a giant company.
gives another rating of 56% (metric score) ???
that is probably a rating at a different site
i've done this before and usually they provide 3 rating systems
rottoen tomatoes, something else then a cine something rating
also stars olga fonda, is she related to jane fonda/henry fonda?
i have no idea
yes a cinemascore:a
they always have suspiciously high ratings
seems like olga was born in russia, so no, much better looking than henry or jane
lol
i think we're done now, thanks for the chat!
ok
bye
this movie is awesome!
what was the title of the movie?
real steel
oh, who's in it?
sounds like an action movie.
hugh jackman
i love hugh jackman!!
what year was it released?
2011
is it an action or drama?
its an action movie
i thought so, sounds interesting.
what score did rotten tomatoes give?
59%
that's pretty low...but i don't always agree with critics...
people seemed to like it
who directed the movie?
shawn levy
anything else you can tell me about the movie?
its like rocky but with robots
is hugh jackman a robot?
or does he play a human?
you think it's a good movie to watch with kids?
he is a human
yeah i do
i couldn't imagine hugh jackman as a robot...lol
who else is in the movie?
d akota goyo
i don't think i know who that is...
yeah
not a romantic date movie then...
i wouldnt say so
hello
hello. how are you?
i'm good. did you enjoy the movie?
yes, i love musicals, and you?
i think they are tolerable, but this one was pretty good.
i like that it was located in la and made it pretty relatable.
do you live in l.a.?
vegas
oh very cool. i'm in the south
are you a gosling's fan?
emma stone fan?
i really like them both. which is your favorite?
both are good actors, goslings more attractive. ha!
what did you think of the film’s perspective on success and satisfaction?
i think i lost you somewhere in the conversation. since it has been 5 minutes without a response from you, i am going to abandon the discussion.
have a great day
thanks for the conversation
?
?
?
?
?
?
hi. 'the imitation game' is based on a true story about code breaking in wwii. great reviews.
don
it is about for good person
it is about good people. it's a thriller, but actually happened.
hello
i would love to watch this movie
hello!
have you seen it?
nope. but i want to. it seems very interesting and connects to most movies i have watched
so you are fan of these superhero movies as well?
yes i am
i love the advangers movies
and the new wonder women
do you think ben affleck makes a good batman?
i think he is a little on the odler side
but i still think he would be good for the part
you will like him in this one for sure.
sweet
what are your thoughts about diana playing martha
nice little twist with the whole kryptonite in this too
yea i don't mind martha at all.
yess!! thats what i was thinking
you don't like martha as a character?
yes i do
oh okay
i do want to see this movie. like i would like to see how the actors played the characters
batman rescued  here in this movie
hopefully this went all out with the acting
and graphics
and just everything to be honest
it's pretty good. it's about 153 mins long
yes and i see it sasy that it is in between man of steel and dark night
i liked the sneak peak of wonder woman in here too.
she appears in it too?
yes.
it's pretty cool
that would be great
i think zack snyder did a great job directing it
i have seen a few of his moveis
he killed it with this one
he does a great job with directing
i agree with you
eisenberg played a good lex luther too
hi
hey!
have you seen "real steel"?
a 2011 movie
not yet, am intrested to watch..
if am able to get some details..
ok, let me run you through the cast
ok...
it stars the following people, hugh jackman, evangeline lilly, olga fonda among others
it is more of science/sport movie
oh....ok
by hearing thecast, it looks
intresting...
it is based on the story "steel" written by richard matheson
basically what kind of movie it is
and it was directed by shawn levy
oh....k
sp orts genre
i heard it is a robotic movie...i sit so?
kind of
ok... wht are the good in this movie
human boxers were being replaced by robots in the year 2020
ok...so is interaction between robos will be shown..or how it is?
you know what entails in some sports, a fight was rigged
this made charlie go into debt which could not pay
ok...will he be able to manage to pay his debt at the edn?
end?
the movie makes use of skills in blending people and computer made imaginary things into a lively story
quite intresting...
nope he is indebted and that's it
oh....k
the movie has cinescore of a
but metacritic is kinda low at 56/100
ok...i heard twin cities also showed in this movie
and rotten tomatoes gave it a 59%
ok...
i would recommend you go see it anytime you are free
thanks for the info..
it is totally fiction though
catch you later dear friend
hello. so you read a document about a movie?
still  reading
yep!
alright. so what's the movie called?
iron man!
it's a superhero film - do you like comics?
i do. i get real into them and try to dig up as much info as i can.
do you know who the villain will be?
obadiah stone, who is tony stark's second in command in stark industries. turncoat who tries to overtake the company!
alright, so a more down to earth super hero movie than some. no super aliens or anything like that?
yeah, i  like superhero films that rely more on technology and skill than superpowers - feels more within the realm of possibility. critics describe this as having a military thriller feel, as opposed to a stylized comic book frame by frame replay.
no super aliens; grenades, terrorists, and electromagnetic exosuits!
and a hint of romance, too; gwyneth paltrow as pepper potts, tony stark (ironman's) potential love interest.
this movie has something for everyone! i highly recommend it :)
since it's just called "iron man" with no secondary title i'm guessing probably an origin story?
good guess! it' s the first film in the marvel cinematic universe, actually.
interesting. since it's the first how is the budget? do special effects suffer at all?
don't know about the budget - but critical response is that it's an "expansively entertaining special effects extr avaganza"
with relatively seamless cgi
alright cool. you mentioned pepper potts actress; who else is starring?
robert downey jr as iron man; jeff bridges as his nemesis, and terrance howard as james "rhodey" rhodes.
i don't know james rhodes. who is he, in the general scheme of things?
he is a friend of tony stark's - he is liaison between stark industries and the military, because lt. colonel  rhodes is in the us air force in the weapons development / acquisitions dept, and stark industries is a defense contractor.
what kind of weapons is stark industries selling to the air force?
power armor?
nope
rocket propelled grenades
i see.
well i think i've got a pretty good picture of the movie now.
any last thoughts?
do you think you'd enjoy it? do you want to go see it?
definitely. that kind of movie is right up my alley.
just that while critics do vary in response, a 94% rating is pretty decent! a from cinema score and 79/100 on metacritic
that is very impressive. thank you for time!
hello!
what do you like the most about this movie?
i really enjoyed the music from this film!  what was your favorite thing about frozen?
the songs
my kids love it
i also like that it was inspired by an existing fairy tale.
the animation was excellent and amazing!
yeah, the animation and the plot is amazing
what is your favorite character?
*character
mine is anna
anna.  i'm a fan of kristen bell's other work as well.
i love her voice!
i like that anna was fearless, and didn't act like your typical disney princess.
that's right...she's extroverted and fun!
the first part of the movie, explaining how the sisters were orphaned, and how their circumstances drove them apart was tragic, but i do like how everything wrapped up in the end.
it's hard to believe this is disney's 53rd animated feature film!  i'd find it difficult to even name that many disney animated features!
yeah, the ending  has a very special meaning
do you have any other favorite film?
from disney
a few, but i thought for purposes of this exercise, we must confine our conversation to the information in the document?
that's correct
what is your rating for frozen?
the document is growing, and additional detailed information about scenes from the movie were just added.  i'm reminded of the scene where elsa builds her ice palace.  it was an impressive bit of computer generated animation.
i would rate frozen as an 80%, or 8 out of 10.
yeah, the animation was outstanding
my favorite scene is when anna gets hitby elsa  at the very beginning.
the duke of weselton has a name that looks suspiciously like the term weasel !
i like all the scenes with musical numbers in them.
what did you like the least about the film?
i did not like that the parents died
did you know that there is a scene where rapunzel appears in frozen?
the parents dying was sad and unexpected, and a dramatic way to start the film
i did not know that rapunzel appeared in frozen.
yeah, very briefly
i have to agree it's the best disney animated film in quite a few years... since the lion king.
yeah, the best film in modern animation.
hi! how are you? seen any good movies lately?
yeah, frozen
sounds like a cold movie! can you tell me what it's about?
its about two girls anna and elsa
anna is a princess
and elsa is her younger sister
gotcha! is it a movie for children or adults or both?
difficult to say, probably for both
well i like kids movies just as much as adult ones sometimes! did you really enjoy watching it?
well,  its been acclaimed as the best musical made by disney
i'm trying to find a good movie to watch tonight.
sounds like a hit then! disney movies are always excellent.
yeah, its also 3d animated, the visual are really good
even rotten tomatoes gave it 89%
not a bad review for rotten tomatoes! i
is it fairly new or a few years old?
well,  it came out in 2013
so fairly new. at least compared to some of the other disney princess movies!
can you tell me what the basic plot is?
don't give too much away though! i don't want to know the ending!
ahaahah, ok
the plot is really good, magic things, talking animals, its exactly what we want from disney
perfect!
i think i have found my movie for tonight!
thanks so much for your recommendation!
sure, no problem! its also very emotional, so you may need some tissues :)
all the best ones are tear jerkers! i'll be sure to have them handy along with some good snacks.
yeah, the ending is definitely not what you would expect it to be
is it a happy ending at least?
well, you have to see it yourself
not to spoil it
the only hint i will give you is that it gets "political" at the end
true! i hope it's a happy ending! is this a disney movie that has a sequel?
actually, i don't know
well since it's so new they may have not made one yet. but since it had such great reviews i'm sure they will! i
i'll tell you if i enjoyed watching it but i'm sure i will!
dunkirk seems interesting
it is, it's about a historical event that happened during wwii
it got excellent reviews from rotten tomatoes
yeah those are some very high ratings
do you like war movies?
i love war movies, especially ones based on historical events
are you familiar with the premise of dunkirk?
i am not
it was about a failed attack where british and candian soldiers were trapped
they had to pull all available boats including civilian vessels to help all the troops escape
yeah seems pretty intense
it was, with no help, lots of soldiers attempted to flee as fast as they could
crazy stuff
moonstone seems like an interesting name for a boat
it is, but everyone has their own preference
huh why is gibson pretending to be a british army private
with all that's going on, i think you will do whatever you need to try and escape the madness
i see. so he wants to escape too
absolutely
you can see just about everyone does anything, hiding, figuring ways to get out
that's pretty sad huh
fight or flight sometimes, young kids fighting a war they know not much about
everyone just wants to live
agreed, the terrors are war are long forgotten as heros are always celebrated for victories
true true
just like the solider being pulled out of the water
it seems the evacuation was a success here
it was, they were able to save enough lives to fight another war
or should i say battle
hmm. it's sad lives become trivialized. they become another resource to exploit for the country
anyways thank you for discussing the movie with me
yes but a good watch to really understand, thank you
hi
hey
so what movie r we chating bout
the notebook
it's a romantic drama
best and only romantiv film  i ever enjoyed
hello
i think this is one of scorcese's best modern movies
i agree
great casting
who's your favorite character?
leo for sure
incredible performance
what about you?
i'd have to agree, but jonah hill really knocked it out of the park in his supporting role
true. it was very different from his previous work
that middle critics review...what were they watching
i heard he took a huge pay cut just to be in it.
yeah i don't really agree with those reviews
anyone who thinks this glorified his life did not really pay attention lol
haha yeah
i really liked matthew mcconaughey in his little part too
i was just going to say that
the chest thumping scene might be my favorite part of the movie
yeah it was so weird yet so brilliant
he was the only one who could have done that role imo
i think that of many of his roles
that phone call is one my favorite scenes as well
where he does the demonstration
hahaha yeah and the "sell me this pen" bit at the diner
it was a great way to introduce all those weird characters
nerdiest looking team
i think this was first movie i saw with margot robbie
yeah i think this was her biggest role up until that point
i thought she would just be a pretty face but she's actually a great actress
probably her best too because other than like i,tanya, she hasn't been in anything else that good
yeah she's really good
yeah i saw i, tonya..loved it
i think she got nominated for that right?
i think she did for a few awards
allison janney got alot more nominations
speaking of awards i cannot believe that leo didn't win an oscar for this
yeah, i totally thought this would be the one
the revenant was good but he said maybe 10 lines in the whole 2 hour and 45 minute movie
oh really? i havent seen that movie yet
compared to this one where he said something every scene
that one is really good but its really visual
gotcha
and there's not a lot of dialogue so it's one of those movies you have to be ready to watch lol
yeah, that's really why i havent watched it
hello
the movie is john wick. have you seen it before?
i just watched it yesterday
did you enjoy it?
yeah i thought it was awesome
i thought the same thing when i watched it. keanu was amazing in it.
i feel like they dont make movies like that anymore, like action movies
they really don't and they should start making this style.
yeah exactly
it was nice to see john leguizamo make a little bit of a comeback.
i dont remember seeing him in the first one
i would have had the same reaction as wick  to anyone who killed the puppy my dead wife gave to me.
yeah your right i would have gone insane.
it was interesting to see a part of the assassin world. john wick's car was pretty beautiful until it got stolen.
i was thinking the same thing yesterday his car is cool.
no document
the move is home alone
hi are you ready to get started? this is a batman vs superman superhero crossover movie. are you familiar with those superheroes?
we are here to discuss batman vs. superman: dawn of justice
yes i am familar with the characters but some of the actors i have never heard of
i think it sounds like an amazing movie. i love superheroes. i think some of the critics are too harsh. it was a good plot line. i am familiar with ben affleck but none of the others.
i wish they would have used more famous people.
i would agree though that it was not as good as man of steel. the plot line of that was amazing!
ben affleck is the only actor i recognize great plot very harsh critcs
i agree. i didn't completely understand why batman and superman fought though.
rotten tomatoes list it as 27%and average with a 4.9 out of 10. the critcs must be weird. yeah i couldnt figure out the fight but think it was because superman accidentally killed bruce waynes dad
i thought it was worth a meteoritic score more than 44. that seemed low! that makes sense. i would be mad if someone tried to kill one of my family members.
hello?
yeah me to it did also have a unique spin on character of lex luthor who just seems to go doown hill the whole movie. i like how the critic talked about lex (who is supermans arch enemy ) because he compared him to the joker and riddler (who are batmans arch enemies
then he tops off the crazy part by comparing him to mark zuckerburg.
ohh. i liked that too. i like how they always try to biring in the government official s
yeah im still here just slow typer
do you like batman or superman better in the movie?
actually superman
how bout u
i grew up watching the justice league cartoons in thelate 70s and early 80s in which alll the superheros worked together.
i love batman
he is so mysterious
sorta ironic that they become enemies
yes he is very mysterious
it is. its not what i expected at all
i expected more like the avengers where a bunch of heroes work together
i don't really like that they are enimies
especially to the point where batman was going to kill superman
me either but superman pretty much started it the article says clark kent was trying to make bruce wayne and batman look bad thru his news articles
you know though to be honest if you look at the way the world is today so full of bad it makesperfect sense in a world view to have them as enemies.
i guess so. they do have polar opposite personalities. one is a humble farm boy and the other is a rich executive
i could see why they clash in that aspect, but i guess i don't imagine them interacting very much in superhero world.
it says in the 3rd part that at supermans funeral that bruce way e apol9gizes to lois lane saying that he failed superman
duuhhhh well yeah he failed him if he killed him lol
i would feel like if i failed someone if i let them die too. haha. i like the mysterious dirt levitating though
haha
thats what i was thinking
little humor there
have u seen this movie
no have you? is that the end?
i can't tell
oh yeah. it is.
i wonder if there will be a sequel
yes watched it 3 times its a tearjerker for me when superman dies
i feel like good superhero movies need sequels
i dunno could be a sequel
like how superman didnt really die he just hibernated til he found out a way to smooth it over with batman
hi!
have you seen real steel?
no, haven't seen it. have you?
no i haven't
it's a sci-fi movie and i don't typically watch those
not sure it's that good. it has a score of 59% on rotten tomatoes.
that's what i was thinking also
actually, i kind of like sci-fi, but i'm picky.
yes i can agree with that it depends for me
this one sounds more like an action flick in a sci-fi setting.
ah that would make sense
it also has sports?
i thought more sci-fi because it was also a twilight zone episode
but the "rocky with robots" line makes me doubt that i would like it.
i didnt catch that but i'm with you
i've never seen any rocky's either
and i didn't know it was a twilight zone episode.
ha! me neither. haven't seen the rocky movies.
that's kind of odd to me i feel like most everyone has seen them
the premise of this one is not so stupid though. robot boxers. i feel it could become real at some point.
rocky? yeah i know, it was such a big movie.
but stallone has never done anything for me.
no kidding i don't like any movies of his
this real steel movie has hugh jackman in it. he's not b ad.
but i don't mind hugh jackman
haha we're thinking the same thing
exactly. he looks like he has quite a few more iq points than  sylvester.
and he's better looking haha
not difficult :-)
we're losing track of real steel though
it sounds as though this is pretty predictable as well and i like movies that i can't guess  the end
the whole real steel story seems like a series of machinations of bad guys against good guys, without much else.
same here. this one sounds like it's been writ ten by committee.
right i do like that it's a a family movie- i don't have kids but i feel like it would be ok for my nephew
i really don't think it's my type of movie.
me either but sometimes it's about the kids and a little boy would like the robots and battles
yeah, maybe it's ok for kids. they like the predictable storylines.
well not "little" but grade school
still... the good guys against bad guys works well at that age.
hello
ihi
this is an interesting movie
it is, it's a very unusual movie
yes, did you like it?
since the human fell in love with a creature
i did
i though it was very different than most movies i watch
how did you feel?
i wasn't in love with it, a little weird for my taste
but i appreciated how unique it was
so did i, and the acting was done very well
guilllermo del toro certainly has an active imagination
yes, the actors were very good
it was interesting seeing them communicate in sign language
yes, i did as well
what did you think about the reviews?
i didn't really read the reviews
but everyone i know that saw it was highly recommending it
i generally like to see movies that are so popular among my friends
it was, and reading the reviews made me realize more about the movie
hmm i'll have to check them out
what did you think about how she keep him alive?
i did seem like there was a lot of complexity to the story line and theme that i may have missed
in the bathtub?
i thought it was sweet that she was caring for him
yes, i thought so also
however the romantic scenes were definitely a bit odd to me
very sad about the car though...
it wasn't like a movie i normally watch
yes, it was a little strange at times
what did you think about the ending?
but, i agree that it is nice to see a movie that is new and original
i liked the ending, although i though the last few scene were a bit gruesome .
i agree
it was kind of a happy ending though
which i appreciated
hi! i've really enjoyed the movie "real steel" it was a great movie that was full of adventure!
i've seen this one before
seems kinda like a typical family-action film with some scifi elements
was kinda cool tho
yes it is sort of the family type of film. but i got very much into the characters especially hugh jackman's.
was interesting to see hugh play a more domestic role
normally he's always a loner fighter type
yes but  he played it well and was able to pull it off.
yeah he played the struggle of the character well
i always find it interesting to see what sort of demands actors can get into. i think he fit in with everyone else really well.
yeah the unusual mix of actors led to a coherent mixture
that's definitley true.
i enjoyed seeing all of the different robot fighters in the movie s well.
the new paragraph loaded reminds me of how interesting the factor that these robots were an everyday thing in the movie's world
like he's just a lower-class dude but he owns a fighting robot
yeah seeing the draw of their world and how these robots are just sort of common was something that i really liked as well.
i thought about what it would be like to really live in that world
also interesting how it brings up the point that improved technology doesn't make all problems go away
this guy still is in debt and so on
yes no matter what we have basic life issues will never really change. they'll just come about in a new way.
that was a pretty good scene (the new paragraph)
kind of hinted at things remaining worse for the guy/son but eventually they fought their way back
cool to see the human spirit reflected in robots
oh yeah lol i remember that...
it's just the classic underdog story told in a somewhat different way. there will always be trials and triumphs
as long as humans are around we'll never really intrinsically change .
yeah the robots don't change the human life, they just augment it
nothing intrinsic is lost
right. i suppose in many ways we were really supposed to see the robots as humans - more so than the actual humans. that's a really  interesting concept, i think.
kinda reminds me of virtual reality
humanity lives on but through the robots
even though the robots are doing the action their action is still fully human
yeah that's very true. i would love it if someday we could really have virtual reality like that. it would be so much fun to be able to really feel like you're a super hero!
yeah, you'd have the thrill of a suernatural existence without losing your humanity
i think that's a nice message the film has
right that is very true. we're all interconnected in this world somehow. even if some people do have  more than others.
hello
heyo
i dont have access to the movie document, so im going to be relying on u
cool?
sure but i dont have access either
im just waiting
i think its a network problem
so we talk till the connection is back
sounds good
any goodmovies youve seen lately?
what kind of movies do u like
?
pretty much anything but musicals
you?
i tried to watch warcraft but my girlfriend was so frightened i had to change d channel
was it good, i havent seen that one
i love anything that gets to the heart..comedies
u should...its super ..i will try to look for it any day that she wont be coming over for weekend
haha nice ill give it a go
cool
man i spilled coffee on my computer last month and my computer acts insane now
dayum!
i have to uninstall the keyboard because it was typing and clicking everything
i was freakin out
u should blow it out
i did
with a hair dryer or something
it happened to me once
i didn have a drying
my mouth became a dryer
i had tolet ut sit for a week before it started to boot up again
lol
i sucked on the keyboard like my life depended on it
i wonder if this hit will ever load p for us
haha
the movie document finally loaded and our conversation is up
its john wick
anyways ..nice chatting with u
you too
its fine now..check it says finish conversation
u can earn if u exit
but the document finally loaded
the movie name is john wick
a retired killer
he came to town and his car was stolen by the son of another mafia
when people realized the guy stole john wicks car, everyone was like oh no...not john wick
i have watched the movie before
its super
anyways..gat to go now
nice chatting wit u
hello
did you see zootopia?
i did, it was great.
what did you think of judy?
i am not sure who that is
she is the main character, a bunny that becomes a police officer.
okay, i see. yeah, i thought she was cool. i liked the sloth
he was good but i also grew to like the fox towards the end.
it got a 98 on rotten tomatoes. that is very impressive
that's very high, probably because it is so likeable and funny
the story is really good
did you see that nick was bullied as a child?
which character is nick?
he is the fox that eventually starts working with judy, the main character.
okay, i don't remember him being bullied
on imdb, it didn
t get as high of a rasting
it was when he was younger and he tried joining the ranger scouts, they stereotyped him because he was a fox.
*rating
okay.
it is still a pretty high rating, ecsepcially for an animated movie.
i agree. i didn't know it was that high
i like that judy asks nick to be his partner.
her partner*
i see it had two directors as well
i didn't notice that
there were a lot of suspenseful moments in the movie
yes there was but i think it was so well liked because of all the characters, it was relatable.
i agree
what do you think was the nest part of the movie?
i liked towards the end when they start working together to out the mayor.
i really like the movie and how it covers the view from a villain's perspective.
i agree. i also liked the movie and really enjoyed that it was a family film.
the minions provide an extra dose of humor too
yes, they are a favorite among many people.
do you like animated films?
yes i do, especially since i have kids
do you have kids?
i do, i did not realize that this was a debut film.  i assumed it was one of the more familiar animation company films.
yes, it was the first film in the franchise from a few years ago
is there going to be a new paragraph showing up?
nevermind, there it is
it's funny to see a movie where two villians are against each other rather than a hero and a villian
i agree
it makes it almost more enjoyable since it is a new spin
it got pretty good reviews too
exactly.
the actor's performances and the minions contributed to the reviews greatly.
a cast that everyone grew to love.
yes, i didn't realize russell brand was in it
and i am not sure these directors have done anything else noteworthy?
other than this movie series, i do not believe so.
well i always have loved steve carell
yes, he is a funny actor
although the future minions movie wasn't as good
i have not seen that yet.  i remember the scene where gru couldn't decide whether to go to the recital or steal the moon.
and he made the right decision at the end
it really made you feel good about the character
right, even villians have a good side
my son thought the moon expanding with the ship was so funny
he kept saying that the shrinking would wear off
he then thought gru should try to help vector off the moon
yea. now i want to see the movie again!
me too.  watch it with my son again after all these years
see if he still gets a kick out of the movie since he's a teenager now
yea the girls are great in it too
so all genders should enjoy it!
hello!
have you seen catch me if you can?
no, i haven't!
it's great. i am a big leonardo dicapario fan. do you like him?
i do! i find him very attractive and talented!
it's based on the story of a real con man.
oh really!
that sounds interesting!
who else is in it?
tom hanks and christopher walken.
also amy adams, though i don't know her well.
oh wow, i loved tom hanks in forrest gump!
she's done a lot of movies with fairy tale characters
this movie got 98% from rotten tomatoes.
oh that's good!
i liked it as it didn't take itself too seriously. it's actually very funny.
oh, that's the best type of movie!
when did it come out?
i'm shocked since i haven't heard about it
2002
oh wow! an oldie then!
i guess you could say that.
you can probably see it on netflix.
oh, that's much easier for me!
i'm busy so i don't have time to go to the movies
where i live, nothing good ever plays.
oh that's unfortunate.
i like that it based on a real character. at one point he steals 2.8 million dollars.
oh, i forgot. steven spielberg is the director.
oh that's cool!
i just re-watched back to the future
he
he's an amazing director
i agree. you can't go wrong with one of his movies.
john returns to the criminal underworld
i wonder if that was triggered by the death of his wife.
thats interesting
the movie sounds exciting
yes very interesting
are you a fan of keanu reeves?
it's an action thriller movie. i love action thrillers.
me too. i also like mystery and adventure movies.
when do you plan on seeing the movie? or have you seen it already?
this movie deserves a follow up
i agree
revenge thrillers are intense
yes they are.
it only only got 6.9/10 hmmm
wow. im surpried.
made in 2014. kind of old
oh ok. good to know.
i would have thought it was newer
i remember when the trailer came out.
it had a lot of hype around it.
who returns to crime after the death of a loved one hmmm
no one in their right mind.
oh i should have know seeking vengence
yeah. revenge would be a good reason for some people.
they stole his car and killed his puppy, a gift from the dead wife.
wow. t hats bad.
i hate torture in movies though
yeah. its very unpleasent.
i like action though like fighting
yeah. me too.
this role probably fit keanu so well
i think so. he does well as an actor.
have you seen this movie?
i just saw it.
have you seen it?
no, i usually like stuff with benedict cumberpatch though.
it was such a thrilling movie. based on the life of alan turing.
keira knightly slightly annoys me however.
cumberbach was really the highlight of the film
got good reviews, rotten tomatoes rarely goes over 90% it seems.
who is alan turing?
true. metacritic gave them 73/100. turing was a mathematician who was a cryptanalyst for the british during wwii against the germans. he is famous for breaking the enigma code.
he was outed as a spy by the police who were investigating a break in at his home.
definitely see it if you get a chance.
dramas tend to kind of bore me usually, with many note-worthy exceptions. i like comedies mostly or fantasy, sci-fi. i will check it out though, all in all i just love movies!
sounds like an interesting fellow, will definetly give it a watch.
it is really more of an espionage movie. it is pretty exciting. i guess there is some drama with his experiences in boarding school and studying with morcom, his mentor.
i think you will enjoy it.
morton tyldum is a great director.
andrew grant and that rag science news never gets it right, if he liked it i will probably hate it.
the hollywood reporter seems to be as fond of cumberpatch as i am.
it is kind of technical. it goes pretty in depth about his machine to break the code. he has some breakthroughs when he realizes he can program it with words he already knows. you will probably enjoy that.
cumberbach does a great job acting.
these storys based on true stories tend to always add so much stuff to keep it interesting that it kinda distorts history in my opinion.
the bit about getting married to keira knightley might be annoying for you if you are not partial to her acting. i might warn you about all that.
it is interesting since the movie is based on a play based on a book based on his life. i see your point there.
i would probably enjoy the technical aspects of the film, the good acting, and even the half made up story!
i think also where it is a movie about a mathematician, it kind of helps to add in some plot elements. i think this is unusual though as his life was so interesting.
there is quite a bit of espionage involved as well. i suppose i am not spoiling it since it is history, but there is some russian collusion involved.
if he marries keira knightly i may be shouting at my t.v.
big drama when turing confronts the russians.
yeah you might have to fast forward through the lurid romance. it is not so bad though.
she is trite, absolutely, but the director does make it work here.
also, turns out he is gay!
so she gets what she deserves.
you might actualy like it.
i didn't really get that part, but who can understand the gays?
well, that kinda of makes it more inviting to me, keira nightly must be sad to find that out!
yeah i think she was pretty upset. like i said i didn't really understand all of that. i was mostly in it for the math. what an interesting, fascinating story.
i think turing was gay for his mentor or something, but he dies.
sounds a bit like beautiful mind that was a great movie, too!
tuberculosis.
yeah i did love beautiful mind. i read that that guy actually was working for the government.
talk about changing the story!
turing's story is pretty sad. he got bullied a lot at boarding school. seems to have affected him a lot. too bad he wasn't able to find love. maybe he should have gone for somebody besides kiera knightley!
how come you dislike her so much?
is it because you guys used to date?
mostly just for hogging that driftwood in titanic ;)
oh yeah. i have never seen that one.
i find her wiry, trite, and egotistical. i only enjoy those qualities in myself.
i know there is that song by celine dion.
haha that is funny. i figured that but didn't want to say.
she is kind of a walking plattitude. kind of like reese witherspoon, but more indiana less texas
or something
oh, its ok. im not blind. however after looking at keira knightley for 2 hours i might be.
still the story sounds like one of importance that should be told, ill have to tune in.
anyways she didn't ruin the movie. if anything, turing's life ruins the movie. it's just sad he gets bullied and takes refuge in gay love. he could have just worked out, made some friends, and been happy. it is a very important story. reminds me of the life of charles darwin, or plato.
oh, i really like reese, not sure what that says about me.
that is funny but you don't like kiera.
i thought cumberbach made a great turing, but it would have been funnier if they cast eminem.
fitness is very important. im a big fan of darwin so that makes me interested a bit more in the story.
well, darwin had a rough time on the beagle. he was the captain's special steward, which was a demanding job, if you know what i mean.
all of the hollywood rags seemed to speak highly of it.
his theory of fitness was basically an analogy for his relationship to the captain and his station in life, and his feeling of evolution to a higher station in his own life. he was certainly an interesting fellow.
i seriously loved this turing movie. you have to see it!!!
i dont usually take anything the hollywood reporter says to heart though.
no they have their own problems.
and what do they know about science?
not since they gave the big lebowski such awful reviews.
turing is an important guy. i'd rather see a movie about kurt godel or giordano bruno.
or maybe a serious horror/drama about galileo.
i think the big lebowski was a great film i didn't realize it had a poor critical reception.
i actually think i might write a script about the life of galileo
your right, because scientifically the big lebowski is the best movie ever made. yet, magazines like empire and variety pee'd on its rug.
people would love that it would make them feel smart.
actually, that makes sense.
i am actually ordained as a dudist priest.
you can do it online for free, and then you can legally marry people.
go forth and abide my son.
indeed. i shall abide.
oh i know, im also a member dude.
oh nice. i knew you were coolio foolio.
there is a fun facebook page too, dudeism, check it out!
what is up with this study though? i feel we are being watched. do you think we will be in a movie with benjamin cumberbach?
i will for sure check it out on the myface.
i think there should be parallel networks called myface and spacebook.
haha i use that term myface all the time.
great minds think alike.
i once toyed with the idea of opening a coffee shop called dunkin buckstar's
but yes, they say iron knows iron
it said there would be three pages, yet we seem to be done.
anyways though, it is pretty exciting to see turing recalibrate that machine. you will enjoy that.
did you leave?
hoii
hi. i loved the film, even though it's older, from 1975. did you like it?
i think patty jenkins' take on the comic was amazing.
hello?
great movie, isnt it?
what movie are you talking about?
monsters  university
ah right, i've heard it is good. what did you like about it?
for sure i didnt whatch it. but according to the article it was realised by  pixar
did it get better reviews than the original monsters inc?
can you be more specific?
monsters university is a sequel, i wondered if it is better than the first movie
unfortunately i didnt what the first
and i didnt know it was a sequel
ok then... does the article have any more information that you can tell me?
the critics say it a colorful movie
can you tell me what you think about that
does it say it is suitable for children?
i haven't seen the movie yet, i'm trying to decide if i should watch it
is it a family movie?
oh okay
i think so
i wonder if my 4 year old would enjoy it? maybe he's too young?
if it's colorful and funny i think he will enjoy it. did the article say it was a funny movie too?
may be you would be afraid, because its  a monster movie
oh is it a scary movie?
its a comedy animation so yes it is a funny movie
phew! that sounds great then, he loves comedy animation movies. i think we'll watch it together
great
do you know when it is released?
or is it already on dvd?
it was realed by 2013
so i think it is already in dvd
it might even be on netflix already! i will check tonight!
thanks for your help :)
theres no problem
hi there!
hi!
so you have any movie in mind? :)
so mean girls is the film
84% rotten tomatoes 6.9/10
mean girls? i have watch that before and it was back when lindsay lohan was good.
yes like 14 years ago!
what makes you think i should rewatch it again my friend?
yes, its crazy!
a reminder of lindsay being good lol
she was very hot at the time.
i like that she transitioned from being home schooled to public school
haha!
yeah, i forgot about that part.
kind of reminds me of me
i only remember their dance, the christmas dance, that was hot.
i moved and started high school like her
yeah, i agree
ohh so was it tough?
just like in the movie?
lol
just starting at a new high school, being an outsider
i liked her group of friends even though they were mena
mean
ohh okay, i can relate being an outsider.
the plastics
for sure i mean if they werent mean, the movie wouldnt happen...
oh and her crush!
what's that? a movie?
shane
the mean girls were called the plastics
ohh i forgot about him, all i can remember are the girls, lol.
lol
i'd watch it just for that scene
the christmas dance? :d
yes!
wouldn't you?
lol, i think we could be best friends just you saying that.
lol!
i would, always lol, that was cute and hot at the same time.
typical high school stuff though
yeah, its not really about making a compelling story but i guess the movie just wants you to have fun.
hey there!
yes
have you seen the shape of water? it is an amazing movie
i don't see a paragraph about a movie. is anyone else in here?
hi! have you seen the movie the imitation game?
i haven't. what's that about?
it's a 2014 american historical drama about real life cryptoanalyst alan turing.
do you like biopics? if you do this movie might interest you.
it sounds interesting. what does alan turing do?
he decrypted german intelligence codes for the british government during wwii.
it has 91% rating on rotten tomatoes and average 7.7/10 and a metacritic score of 73/100. what ratings does a movie have to have for you to watch it? or do you not consider ratings when deciding to watcha movie?
okay, have you heard of the post?
are you there?
yes, sorry for the delay. i did see the movi e recently. i don't usually enjoy political films, but i thought it was quite well done.
no worries.  oh, yeah, i thought meryl streep and tom hanks were both pretty good.
so, it apparently has a rotten tomatoes rating of 88%, which surprises me because, like you said, most people don't seem to go for political thrillers.
i think it has a lot to do with the cast, to be honest. meryl and tom and sarah paulson as well. if they didn't get those larger names, more people would have ignored it.
i'm looking to see who sarah paulson played. i saw it too...
oh, she was tony!
it's described as an american historical thriller, which i guess i agree with, given the nature of the pentagon papers.
i didn't realize it was directed by steven spielberg.
i feel like the struggle between the media and the people in power is always relevent
yeah. it was interesting to see how the court case played out and how the newspapers sort of stood together.
matthew rhys was in it too...i like him as an actor.
critics seemed to be torn about the movie..
one said, "the post passes the trickiest tests of a historical drama...
another said, "is too calculated to reflect today's ragged, tenuous sociopolitical climate."
do you think you would see it again?
i i think seeing it a second time would be helpful to pick up the little things i might have missed. i'm not sure i would categorize it as calculated. it was intense, but i thought in a good way.
who was your favorite actor in the movie?
meryl streep for sure. being the first female publisher  of a major news source, it was really amazing to see her part in the struggle and how it was unique to that role
yeah there were some moments in the movie for sure.
i didn't realize the employee who leaked the papers had worked at the rand corporation.
what did you think of tom hanks' performance in the movie?
i thought it was really good. he does really well at things set more  in the past, like the 70s in this one.
i didn't really understand why the rand employee had leaked the info in the first place. did you catch that?
o r rather did you catch why? i feel like i must have missed something.
no, i think he was just disenchanted with the war and how we had escalated our involvement.
apparently ellsberg overheard robert mcnamara saying he thought the war was hopeless, even though he was telling the public it was going well, and he became disillusioned about that and decided to leak the truth.
(it was years later that he actually decided to leak the info)
that was a plot detail i definitely missed. must have been an early scene in the movie.
oh, you're right! i forgot that he had overheard that conversation. i'm glad tom hank's character was able to figure out it was he who had  leaked the info, and got all of the information he needed for the post.
yeah it was interesting how that developed. do you remember how the legal issues developed? it says something about the paper's source being the same as the nyt's source. i had forgotten the nyt published something first.
yeah having the same source put graham possibly  in contempt of court.
do you think graham made the right choice to publish?
i'm a little torn, but, given the seriousness of the issue, yes. normally i would tend to side with the government, but this was really mismanaged. it was an important decision for the court to side with the paper.
i just got another update...
here is a question for you - would you recommend this movie to people you know (who haven't seen it)?
i would recommend it for sure to most people. despite it taking place int he 70's, i feel spielberg took it in a really exciting direction instead of just throwing facts at you about the case.
i think it was filmed well, and i was surprised how much suspense built even though i already knew the basic facts.
there were so many details i had no idea about. and i like how it sort of set the stage for the watergate scandal right afterwards with nixon.
i completely forgot about that scene at the end! just got some details for the movie summary, and it mentions that. i guess that was one year later.
what did you think of the part when the case  went to the supreme court?
honestly, i really liked all of the scenes with jesse plemons as the lawyer. i thought he nailed it as far as lawyers taking a straight line even when something outside the box comes up. i wondered if the lines he spoke were based on facts and actual testimony.
it looks like we're all done here - thanks for chatting!
i don't remember much about the lawyer. i just liked how the other newspapers picke dup the mantle to support the post and times.
oh yeah, thanks!
hello!
hey, what's up
have you watched la la land before?
yes. i really appreciated how much thought went into the movie's title. i think it's really cool how it refers to los angeles, music, and having your head in the clouds all at once. it's really spectacular how they summed up so many elements of the movie in such a short title
have you seen it?
yep -  i watched it because critics seemed to like it
i agree with most of the critics in the paper
yes. i especially agree with the review that la la land is successful at showing the hardships that are involved with chasing a dream
i disagree with the two reviews that the film is dull and that the middle was boring. i really found the entire movie to be enthralling.
yep, i agree with you - i do believe we have to cut emma stone and ryan gosling some slack, since they're not singers
agreed. i really liked the scene where sebastian improvs jazz music when he is supposed to be playing christmas music only.
it was one of those scenes that really stuck with me after i watched the movie
would you do that, if you were in his position?
i'm not sure. i liked how that was when mia first heard sebastian sing and was truly moved by it. i think it was interesting way to initiate their relationship
yeah, it was just sad how he brushed her off, since things could've been different
i do like how the next time mia sees sebastian he is also singing. i also liked how she kind of teased him by requesting a song she knew he would hate to sing
do you usually watch musicals?
occasionally. i also enjoyed the development of sebastian and mia's relationship, such as when mia decides to begin writing a play all by herself because sebastian suggests it to her. i feel like the two of them really grow as individuals when they get into a relationship
i enjoyed that part too, since it also shows how hard both of them are working to achieve their dreams
they both want to become successful in their separate areas, but they have to struggle a lot
right. i feel like the review that mentions the cruelty that's involved in following your dreams really sums it up. the film is not afraid to show how much hard work and hardship is involved in making it big
i also thought it was difficult for sebastian to take keith's offer
i mean, he gets paid, but it's not something he wants to do. this happens in life a lot
i agree. it must be hard to do something you're not passionate about- especially when it's something you must do in order to one day live out your dreams
what did you think of the scene when mia and sebastian get into a fight about mia thinking sebastian is giving up on his dreams?
it was definitely well acted, and i sympathize with both of them
but i think sebastian was harsh when he said that mia liked him more when he was unsuccessful
it truly was heartbreaking when mia moved back home to nevada
i feel he didn't want to hear the truth, because he was really giving up on his dreams
it really was sad
i agree. it was also a very unpredictable plot twist. i did not see it coming at all
would you say that was the low point in the movie?
yes but i wouldn't say any part of the movie "sagged badly" as one review claims
i agree - overall, i would recommend the movie to a friend
i agree. as another review points out it was a "genuinely romantic comedy", which i completely agree with because i feel as though sebastian and mia's relationship was not as cliche as many love stories are in movies. i appreciated the realness of their relationship
yes, that was one thing i loved about the movie - while it was sad, it was not a cliche ending
i agree. i think damien chazelle really did a good job directing the film.
i'm curious, are you an ai
if so, i was completely fooled
i am not!
but i really was surprised that someone reviewed sebastian as a "jazz snob" because i did not get that vibe at all
yeah, i disagreed with that characterization, but i can see why someone might say that.
he is a purist, or whatever they called it in the film
i also really didn't think mia's character lacked depth. i think she was a rather round character, especially with the large amount of independence she possessed. it took a lot of courage for her to move back to nevada
yes, i thought her character was pretty nuanced, but i'm not sure it being courageous of her to move back to nevada. after the play didn't go well, i think that was her only option
*about it
i suppose you have a point. i just think she was more independent of the average woman portrayed in films as she didn't cling on to sebastian when things didn't work out for her.
although i wish they reconciled before achieving their dreams
the bit at the end that showed what could have been actually made me sad
i agree! it was very sad but also, as one reviewer puts it quite "bittersweet." i wasn't sure how to feel at the end.
it was nice discussing the film with you! have a great day!
you guys have a pretty good ai system
i was actually completely fooled
hi there!
i haven't seen bruce almighty for some reason, but i do love jim carrey.
i haven't seen this one either, but i have heard that it is pretty funny.
it's a pretty great idea. i'm sure it's not one of the greatest movies ever made, but he is really funny and so is morgan freeman.
jennifer aniston annoys me a little though, i gotta say
i really do like morgan freeman, most of his movies are good. i think i might have to check this one out.
i look at rotten tomatoes a lot for movie ratings though, and 48% is pretty low. it has been out for a while, though.
i don't know why, but she has annoyed me through the years too. i can't quite put my finger on what it is, i just don't really like her very much.
yes, it has been out for quite some time. maybe it's on netflix.
do you like comedies like this, or are you more into dramas?
my favorite movie genre is science fiction, but i do like a good comedy, or a good drama. if it's a good movie, i really don't care what genre it is.
that's true. the first review under the "critical response" section is pretty harsh. i'm not sure i really ever read or care about movie reviews, just the ratings % online
when looking at movie reviews, i put more faith in actual regular people that go see the movie then i do official critics.
true. looking at the key scenes, i feel like the plot might have been a little paint-by-numbers and relying on jim carrey's personality too much, which is probably why it wasn't better recieved.
yes, i can i didn't get that impression.
sorry, this is supposed to say that i did get that impression.
i guess that's part of his appeal, he can take any kind of material and make it funny. also steve carrell is a great, funny actor too and i can see him being a good villian.
yes, he is pretty good in everything he does.
i haven't even heard of metacritic or cinemascore, to be honest. but it's weird that it's 46/100 on metacritic and and a on cinemascore. those are pretty different scores.
that's true, i'm not sure how they score these things.
the part where he creates the email system to answer prayers and sets it to auto-reply "yes" is pretty funny and says a lot about religion.
sounds pretty funny, i will have to put it on my list.
i do think maybe some of the scenes they describe with jimmy hoffa's body sound cheesy. i'm not sure!
i agree with that statement.
i do think if i had the power of being god i'd use it for better things!
for sure!
interesting. i mean, the way the rest of the plot wraps up seems pretty standard.
i agree, however, it might be worth a watch.
the best part of the movie is probably the middle section where he's testing out all of his powers. seems like the end might be disappointing based on this description.
i'm not the hugest jim carrey fan, but i'll give it a try.
yeah i think he is so out-there that this is a perfect film for him.
yeah, he always seems to play some crazy out-of-control guy.
hi
do you like frozen?
i love frozen!
i love frozen yogurt! but also this movie :)
lol!  i cant wait for the second movie of frozen to release
what is your favorite character?
anna because shes independent!
yours?
i like elsa
she reminds of my friend of the same name
also the character designs are cool
thats cool! anna reminds me of my girls - they are red-heads too
do you like the songs?
of course - who doesnt!  we still sing them around our house!
that is awesome!
the first time we saw frozen was on a disney cruise ship
what's your favorite?
i love let it go but also in summer - especially now since its so cold!  whats your favorite
i don't remember
do you have a favorite part of the movie
the snowman is a funny character
he is hilarious.
olaf?
yes
do you have a favorite scene?
i really like the scene with the trolls.  the ending also gets me every time when elsa saves anna.
whats yours
the ending is great
the scene with the trolls too.
i hope the trolls are in the second movie more
haha maybe they will have their own spinoff movie
that would be cute too
nice chatting to you. have a good day!
you too
hi
hello
how are you doing
im doing great. have you seen toy story before?
i did a long time ago
i love that movie
yes it was a big part of my childhood
is was stared tom hanks as woody
yes i like buzz alot
who was your favorite
buzz light year
yes i really did not care for the third one i never seen it
the director of the movie was john lasseter dont know what else he made
me either
i never saw the third one either
yes disney has mostly lost me on their movies
the first toy story came out in 1995.. wow that seems like such a long time ago
yeah  that's a while ago
when it came out the critics said it was a work of genius
i think that we both agree on that?
definitly
it got a 100 on rotten tomatoes that seems great
looking at the plot points made me remember some good sceens
yes it did the critics also said tom hanks voice of woody is one of the best animated features in history
yes
like when buzz was trying to impress all the other toys with his cool new modern features
yes that was great
was it this one when they go in that room with that baby toy
i cant remember i think so
i get confuse with this one and two
i remeber when there were trying to get on the moving truck
it was fun remembering this one
you have a great day
bye
well it was cool talking whit you have a good day
bless
yes
hi
hello!
the movie that was picked, i'
i've never seen.
hello, what's the name of the movie?
hi, it's the imitation game
does it seem interesting?
definitely, it takes place during wwii and it's decrypting spy code messages
cool, is there a main lead actor or actress that's easily identifiable?
yes, it stars benedict cumberbatch and keira knightly, it's got a pretty good score on rotten tomatoes and cinemascore.
good to know, what studio is it produced by?
i'm not sure about that but did you know there was an earlier movie about the same book?
so  it's based on a book?
yes, it's based on alan turing:  the enigma and the earlier movie was called breaking the code, it was on bbc.
good to know, although i didn't ask; does it say who starred in the bbc version?
no, but i've got info on a few of the key scenes if you're interested in knowing?
absolutely, are the scenes taken from the book, the bbc version, or the movie?
from the 2014 movie with cumberbatch and knightley.  the earliest scene has turing in boarding school being bullied, and he makes a friend there that gets him interested in cryptography.
that's cool, so it's sort of a biographical movie?
the next scene is when britain declares war on germany, turing goes to work at a place called bletchley park that is trying to decode the nazi's enigma machine.  yes, it's a historical drama.
do you want to hear the plot?
does it mention how accurate the movie is as opposed to real-life events; that's why i was asking if it was biographical as opposed to simply historical?
oh.  one of the critics says it rearranges the time sequences and invents fictional characters.
thanks for the clarification , are there any more excerpts?
yes, the plot sounds really good.  turing manages to decrypt the nazi code machine, but the nazis change the code every day.  so they all realize they can't act on every day's decrypted messages or the nazis will know that their code machine is useless.
interesting, does it mention how it's resolved, or does it leave you sort of on the cliff?
it kind of leaves a cliffhanger there.  there are a couple of twists, though.
does it say whether the main characters survive to the end, or are they wounded, etcetera?
it doesn't tell.  one of the twists in the plot is that a russian spy is discovered by turing.  which isn't surprising at first, but then we find out that british intelligence planted him to tell the russians secrets they wanted them to know, after all russia and great britain were on the same side in wwii.
that's sort of a twisted narrative of the political situation, but whatever, anything else super useful or interesting, (it sounds like a great movie)?
when i watched the movie, i liked the codebreaking machine they had,  it was this massive technical looking wall that was way before the time of wwii.  yes, there's another twist in the plot where the russian spy threatens to tell everyone that turing is homosexual.
how did the spy know that turing was gay?
turing told the spy, because turing was about to get married to clarke (knightley).  it sounds like high drama to me.  the spy (before turing realized he was a spy) told turing to keep his homosexuality a secret.  i guess they were pretty tight.
wow, that's a big ol' ball of secrecy for that time period, is there anything else about the plot or whatever you should tell me?
yes, at the end of the movie, the allies win the war and the boss makes the cryptographers promise to never see each other again and they destroy all the code.  also, turing tells clarke (knightley) to leave because he is scared for her safety.  he tells her he is gay and that he never cared for her, which wasn't true because he was in love with her.
it got a pretty good score on rotten tomatoes.
what's the rotten tomatoes score?
rotten tomatoes is 91%, cinemascore is a+, and metacritic score is a bit low at 73/100.
hmm, not bad at all, does it say when it was released?
i think that about does it for this movie, do you think you'll see it?
in 2014
it sounds really good, more likely than not, i will; how about you?
i didn't realize i had already seen it until i started reading this.  i remember it was really good.  if a movie isn't good i usually don't recall it this clearly.
it was definitely a good look into what life was like during that horrible war.  it's been good chatting with you, i enjoyed.
lol, likewise, i'm pretty sure we just do the exit survey at this point and tell them whether we want to see the movie, right?
hi are you ready to get started? this is a batman vs superman superhero crossover movie. are you familiar with those superheroes?
we are here to discuss batman vs. superman: dawn of justice
yes i am familar with the characters but some of the actors i have never heard of
i think it sounds like an amazing movie. i love superheroes. i think some of the critics are too harsh. it was a good plot line. i am familiar with ben affleck but none of the others.
i wish they would have used more famous people.
i would agree though that it was not as good as man of steel. the plot line of that was amazing!
ben affleck is the only actor i recognize great plot very harsh critcs
i agree. i didn't completely understand why batman and superman fought though.
rotten tomatoes list it as 27%and average with a 4.9 out of 10. the critcs must be weird. yeah i couldnt figure out the fight but think it was because superman accidentally killed bruce waynes dad
i thought it was worth a meteoritic score more than 44. that seemed low! that makes sense. i would be mad if someone tried to kill one of my family members.
hello?
yeah me to it did also have a unique spin on character of lex luthor who just seems to go doown hill the whole movie. i like how the critic talked about lex (who is supermans arch enemy ) because he compared him to the joker and riddler (who are batmans arch enemies
then he tops off the crazy part by comparing him to mark zuckerburg.
ohh. i liked that too. i like how they always try to biring in the government official s
yeah im still here just slow typer
do you like batman or superman better in the movie?
actually superman
how bout u
i grew up watching the justice league cartoons in thelate 70s and early 80s in which alll the superheros worked together.
i love batman
he is so mysterious
sorta ironic that they become enemies
yes he is very mysterious
it is. its not what i expected at all
i expected more like the avengers where a bunch of heroes work together
i don't really like that they are enimies
especially to the point where batman was going to kill superman
me either but superman pretty much started it the article says clark kent was trying to make bruce wayne and batman look bad thru his news articles
you know though to be honest if you look at the way the world is today so full of bad it makesperfect sense in a world view to have them as enemies.
i guess so. they do have polar opposite personalities. one is a humble farm boy and the other is a rich executive
i could see why they clash in that aspect, but i guess i don't imagine them interacting very much in superhero world.
it says in the 3rd part that at supermans funeral that bruce way e apol9gizes to lois lane saying that he failed superman
duuhhhh well yeah he failed him if he killed him lol
i would feel like if i failed someone if i let them die too. haha. i like the mysterious dirt levitating though
haha
thats what i was thinking
little humor there
have u seen this movie
no have you? is that the end?
i can't tell
oh yeah. it is.
i wonder if there will be a sequel
yes watched it 3 times its a tearjerker for me when superman dies
i feel like good superhero movies need sequels
i dunno could be a sequel
like how superman didnt really die he just hibernated til he found out a way to smooth it over with batman
hello
hi
i can’t seem to see what the movie is
i can. its a teen comedy with lindsay lohan called "mean girls"
got good reviews on rotten tomatoes but a poor score on metacritic
genre not really my cup of tea.
you there?
hello hello hello is anybody out there?
im aborting conversation in 5 minutes
3 min
aborting
hello! isn't monsters university a great movie? it was true to the spirit of monsters, inc. and matched its tone.
i agree.  it was a good movie
what was your favorite part?
i liked when mike and sully didn't finish the program and worked their way up the ranks anyways.
me too! it was very inspiring and showed that you can accomplish your dreams many ways. i liked how the movie expanded on the monster world.
yes.  the first movie only gave one facet of the world, while the second developed the setting to a much larger degree.
when i heard they were making another monsters inc movie i expected a sequel, not a prequel. but i ended up loving it! did you see it in theatres?
i don't think we saw it in the theatre.  i think we rented it.  it's been a while though.  i should show it to my kids.  they would probably like it.
i bet they would! i don't have kids but my coworkers do. i love disney/pixar movies so i recommend them to my coworkers a lot.
i really enjoy randy newman's music on this, the toy story movies, and finding nemo/dory.
me too! i think the toy story movies might be my favorite pixar movies. did you hear that they're building a toy story land in walt disney world this summer?
i did hear that.  it sounds pretty interesting.
i'm going to wdw in the fall so i'm excited to see how the park is. have you ever been? or to disneyland?
i've been to wdw a few times.  never to disneyland though.  california is pretty far away from me.  we went camping at wdw last year though.  it was great.
that's what i'm doing in the fall! i'm really looking forward to camping there!
it was really great.  we camped for four nights i think.  it rained like crazy the first day, but it was still fun.
do you like mike or sulley better?
oh good question! i think i like mike more. he's weirdly optimistic.
how about you?
i like mike because he's funnier.  he had some of the best lines in the first movie.
he is so funny!!
i always liked john goodman's voice acting for sully, though. it's perfect for a big, fluffy monster
the part at the end of the first movie when he burps out the microphone makes my kids laugh so hard.
i agree. john goodman was a great choice for sulley.
hahah i bet!!!
i love the scare machine they had in the prequel that the students had to frighten for the contest. that was pretty neat
yeah, though i was really disappointed with sulley for cheating.
i was too, that broke my heart. i cried when that happened!
it was really a cruel thing for him to do to mike
it seemed a little out of character for sulley, but i guess they had to have some final source of conflict between the two to keep the plot moving.
i agree, it was probably my least favorite part of the movie. i feel like they could have taken the story in a different direction.
for sully to trick mike into thinking he was scary was just so hurtful!
i do like that they ended up working so hard to achieve their dreams though.  that's a good message that disney started doing with the princess and the frog.
me too! i like that common thread between the two movies. i think it was executed better in this though, because they really did start from the very bottom of monsters, inch
and it explains why they're always nice to the other nerdy janitors in the original movie.  they were once in that same position.
oh my gosh!!! i didn't even realize that! i have to rewatch the movie. you're totally right!
it does show a really good message for kids, to be respectful of everybody
it's a valuable message.  be kind and respectful to everyone.  don't expect to lean on your credentials or family reputation to get you somewhere in life.  just be prepared to work your hardest.
yes! i liked that they showed sully as this spoiled brat at first who eventually learned that you can't always lean on your family's reputation. it can only get you so far
maybe his spoiled background is why he cheated in the competition, because he didn't really realize the consequences of his actions, just did what he thought was right
i feel like a lot of kids need that message these days.
you've got a good point there about the cheating.
and you have a good point there about kids needing that message!
i like that they had to work hard together too, so it didn't feel like so much of a struggle. because mike and sully had each other to share in that struggle of working their way up the corporate ladder
hello
hello
let’s talk
which dragon was your favorite?
i’m not sure.
night fury?
not sure what that is exactly
night fury was the main one...the "hero" of the movie.
do you remember his name?
nope
it was "toothless"! :)
don’t think i’ve seen the movie you are taking about
oh, well you should watch it!
what is it?
you can watch it in 3d, or 2d.
it's called "how to train your dragon".
oh
it's really great fun for all ages.
who is in it?
is it animated?
jay baruchel, gerard butler, craig ferguson...etc.
yes, it's animated.
when was it made?
2010
is it a comedy or more serious?
definitely a comedy.
it has some really funny parts, but serious stuff too.
interesting. as it deals with dragons
98% on rotten tomatoes!
how long is the movie?
i'm not sure, but around 2 hours i think...probably a little less.
might have to see it. do you recommend in 2d or 3d?
since it's animation, 3d (if you like 3d) is really great.
some other voice actors you might recognize: tj miller, kristen wiig, christopher mintz-plasse
it has some really cool battle scenes and a lot of "feeling" for an animated film.
any other questions? i have a document in front of me with a bunch of info about the movie...
it was based upon a book.
good morning!
good morning!
say, do you like romantic drama?
i believe i am the only person who has not seen this movie!
i do, but my wife enjoys it more for sure!
i'm surprised the notebook only got a 50% rating, it has become so popular.
indeed, its gone down as a great, for some reason
ryan gosling was just too convincing i suppose
i do like the actors, both ryan gosling and rachel mcadams.
great thespians to be sure
have you read the 1994 novel?
i have not!
i do like period pieces though, so being set in 1940 appeals to me.
indeed. gosling has a knack for them! big fan of gangster squad myself
yes that is more down my alley also.
so i guess they play the young lovers, who then become the older people narrating the story?
i assume you've seen it.
i guess so! all i have is this document, and that scene where ryan gosling is in the rain. thats all i know!
haha ok me too!
but yeah, the score is a good question
i assumed it was the citizen kane of romance movies
i guess time didnt tell
wow so he gets killed in wwii
oh wait his friend is killed
i'm already confused
needs more time travel
seabrook eh
ever been to the carolinas?
i went to the outer banks once in north carolina
no all i know is from dawson's creek lol
it seems like a great spot to set a romance movie though
i may have to actually watch this, i'm slightly intrigued
pretty beaches
yeah, i feel like its one to cross off the list, heh
now we know the ending though. the mom shows her the intercepted letters and all is forgiven.
clearly gotta see it all go down, right?
some day, some day.
wow so this must have been one of gosling's early movies. i didn't realize it was that old.
hello.
hello
maleficent is a movie with great acting, angelina jolie plays the main character maleficient
oh good to know. actually i haven't seen it before and i am trying to figure out if it is worth seeing.
if you start watching it, you will not want to stop.  the actors make it worthwhile.   you know it is based on the film sleeping beauty and is about the antagonist in that film.
interesting. is it appropriate for kids?
its cinemascore rating is an a.
yes, my kids loved it
and where does the history take place?
it takes place when sleeping beauty is a little girl
and what happen with her?
what did you like most on it?
the best part is the story line.  it begins with maleficient living in the moors, which is a magical forest
maleficent falls in love with a human, but they fall apart.
maleficent turns against the people, and protects the moors.  when the kind tries to attack her she kills him and retreats.
the king offered whoever killed maleficent could marry her daughter.  stefan cannot bring himself to kill her but instead cuts off her wings and presents them to the king.
maleficent turns the moors into a dark kingdome.
it seems nice. it is a fairy tale though. and what about the other characters?
it is a fairy tale
do you like fairy tales?
yes for sure. does it have lots of adventure?
the cast includes angelina jolie as maleficent, sarlto copley as stefan, elle fanning as aurora, sam riley as diaval, and imelda stunton as knotgrass
very interesting. are the special effects nice?
yes, very action packed.
the special effects are good, because the movie was just made in 2014
maleficent raises a child who she dislikes, but grows very close to her as she raises her.
the girl is named aurora, and she calls maleficent her "fairy godmother"
oh and the baby is sleeping beauty? that sounds interesting.
yes, it is interesting
are you familiar with the story of sleeping beauty?
yes for sure. i like it.
so the ending of the movie is interesting, because stefan locks his own daughter away.
do you like movies that have a twist at the end?  because this movie does
for sure i like. don't tell me the end but is it surprising?
yes, the end is surprising. the movie will keep you on the edge of your seat.
any other questions about the movie?
on you are almost convincing me to watch. is there too much violence?
i am not sure about that, and i am not sure about the rating.  it was not too much for my kids, but it may be too much for yours depending on their ages.
do you like watching movies with violence?
i like but not just because of the violence. it has to be some purpose. but in this case i am more concerned about the kids.
thanks a lot for your talk. it was really nice.
thanks
hello, goodafternoon
hi there like wise
the title of the film is the great getsby
today we are gonna talk about the great gatsby/
have you seen it?
it was published in 2013.
surprisingly i think i heard of it but never seen it. you?
yea already been 5 years.
i read the book and watched it.
do you know who plays gatsby?
leonardo dicaprio
did you like it?
it had its moments for me.
this is a romance drama film
some parts where to fantasy for me.
really?
i do like how grand the parties were that gatsby would throw.
yes there was a lot slowing down and obvious green screen to me.
it did get a 48% on rotten tomatoes.
well in scene 1 nick carraway who is a ww1 veteran begins talking about jay gatsby.
how hopeful he had been.
yea i remember that.
overall i think the movie was good, i just couldn't stand daisy.
nick moves to new york and sees gatsby.
daisy was gatsby love interest.
really?
yes a very wealthy girl, who gatsby trys to impress
gatsby tells tom of his affair with daisy.
tom is her husband.
yes, he does. tom didn't seem to bothered though.
he was allowed to have his affairs.
gatsby was killed in scene 3.
you should watch it if you have time :)
yes, a gun shot.
hi.
hello, have you seen the movie dunkirk?
not yet, have you?
it is written and directed by christopher nolan.
i have not, but i am very interested.
i did notknow he wrote it.
he filmed it on a unique format film stock as well, so it's especially suited for something like an imax experience
i wonder if it is still in theaters?
it came  out a while back now.
i think..
i do not think so. and without it, there are several critical responses as well because it does not have any sentimentality
oh so are you saying some critics didn't like  it?
yes. it got a really high score on rotten tomatoes, but there are several other who criticize it for being overwhelming
hmm. do you how what it's rating  on rotten tomatoes is?
both overwhelming in the cinimatics while not providing any one character to get attached to
probably more driven by the action.
it is about a nearly impossible evacuation, and you see all three types of assistance - naval, air, and land
it is based on what truly happened at dunkirk, right?
yes. it is very true to the story.
i am always hesitant to see very  real war related movies.
it is a lot to handle.
there are a few characters who get names, like mr. dawson and his sons peter and george, who set out on a boat to help, but few characters who get followed throughout
so very different from nolan's batman.
very much so. while it seems dunkirk may have been a technical success, you do not walk away feeling like it
any known actors in dunkirk?
there is commander bolton, who confirms that the 300,000 have been evacuated. it was ten times more than had been hoped for
who plays him?
mr dawson gets acknowledgement for having saved so many men
hmmm.. that i do not know
these names are unknown to me.
ahh, i do see it here. does aneurin barnard ring a bell?
hmm , no.
i am surprised there is no big name star.
i'm looking at the list of the biggest roles, and they are not stars. but that goes with the anonymity of all of the characters really
maybe it is a comment on war itself.
hehe, i see it of course ends with an article being read, written by churchill.
so many movies and shows involving churchill lately!
interesting.
yes it does seem that way.
i guess you have to watch dunkirk than darkest hour.
hi there! have you ever seen this?
hey! yeah i have but it was a long time ago
what about you
it was a long time ago for me too, but i remember because all the dark knight movies came out afterwards
though they took forever to make those ones... or at least waited forever
i personally liked the dark knight movies way more
especially the first one
yeah, they didnt do a very good job of connecting the storylines
and christian bale wasnt my fav batman either
i don't think too many people like him as batman honestly
the voice he made was almost comical
the best part is he tried so hard on that voice too
hahaha i know
but i cant talk too much because i always get flack for like ben affleck
liking*
affleck>bale
yas someone agrees haha
what about tom hardy in the new ones?
i'd say he did better than both of them
i agree!!!!
its been years but i still can't get over heath ledgers acting as the joker
that was some next level stuff
agreed. it took a lot of good ating to be as good in the role as jack nicholson
oh jeez my typing is awful today. acting*
lol you're fine
im not used to typing without emojis
#firstworldproblems
oh yeah me too. too much texting
you know who i did love in these movies tho?
who?
michael caine
trueeeeee
he does so well as alfred :'d
you can't not like him
mhmm. good in children of men too
didn't he have a cameo in one of the recent superhero movies?
or am i thinking of someone else/
michael caine?
yea
oh god there are so many superhero movies now that i really couldnt tell you
good point lmao
u wanna know one superhero movie that im really excited for
whats that
the incredibles 2!!!
k i just talked about this yesterday
i've waited for soooooo loooooong
i am so excited and its taking way too long
yes!
i will push children out of the way to watch it
right at the end of the movie, we were like when is the next...ten years later...haha
hahahaha
i think we are allowed to end our convo now?
i have no idea honestly
haha well im gonna see, it was lovely chatting!!! have a great day!
hello, are you familiar with how to do this task?
yes
i've done a few
okay. i have yet to do one. trying to figure this out
just discuss the content, make statements etc about whhat we see now, then when the new paragraph gets added talk about that, supposedly it refreshes after we exchange x amount of messages.
well it has leo dicaprio in it so it's probably good lol.
yeah, tom hardy as eames is prolly really different. i always remember him from batman
cool concept with them having to infiltrate a persons subconscious.
i agree, his character seems similar to the one he played in catch me if you can
yes indeed
it's really interesting that ellen page is recruited to construct dreamscapes
got a pretty good rating
taking someone into a shared dream, not that's a cool concept.
yeah, 86 percent. i like most cristopher nolan movies. especially batman
yes he is quite talented.
yeah, it really is. i have liked almost all of nolans movies.
very unique story line they have here.  scene no.1 really sets the stage andbuilds interest
yeah, being attacked by projections seems neat
dream sharing technology...  fifty years in a dream.  wow
yeah, shifting realities are so fascinating
for sure
sending into limbo, not quite grasping that in the scene paragraph
multi level dreams also, different dimensions. all seem like they could happen
yeah you are right
sucks they framed cobb for her death in scene 2
yeah, makes it interesting though
at least he made peace with it (cobb)
yeah, facing a murder charge, woah
why do you think he joins his children in the garden?
not sure
any ideas?
try to escape the dreams, prove he is in the real world to himself
oh yes
of course
crazy they all awake on the plane. sounds like such a neat movie
must see
yeah, science is a great genre. especially ones with these kinds of scenes and depth
had to use a spinning top to figure out reality vs dream
yeah, such a cool concept
probably will watch it tonight now lol
me also. i cant really remember it
hi
hey!
have you seen "real steel"?
a 2011 movie
not yet, am intrested to watch..
if am able to get some details..
ok, let me run you through the cast
ok...
it stars the following people, hugh jackman, evangeline lilly, olga fonda among others
it is more of science/sport movie
oh....ok
by hearing thecast, it looks
intresting...
it is based on the story "steel" written by richard matheson
basically what kind of movie it is
and it was directed by shawn levy
oh....k
sp orts genre
i heard it is a robotic movie...i sit so?
kind of
ok... wht are the good in this movie
human boxers were being replaced by robots in the year 2020
ok...so is interaction between robos will be shown..or how it is?
you know what entails in some sports, a fight was rigged
this made charlie go into debt which could not pay
ok...will he be able to manage to pay his debt at the edn?
end?
the movie makes use of skills in blending people and computer made imaginary things into a lively story
quite intresting...
nope he is indebted and that's it
oh....k
the movie has cinescore of a
but metacritic is kinda low at 56/100
ok...i heard twin cities also showed in this movie
and rotten tomatoes gave it a 59%
ok...
i would recommend you go see it anytime you are free
thanks for the info..
it is totally fiction though
catch you later dear friend
hey partner
hey partner
hey
i like the movie, about about you?
hi
hi
hi
have you seen the movie mean girls ?
we are supposed to speak about "mean girls" ?
yes
yes me too
it s comedy and a fun romance
yeap
it was highly praised by the critics
yeap, but in my opinion
it was named the fifty greatest teen comedies
my favorite part was the girls hating on each other
it is too much viewed
i liked it too
^^
rotten tomatoes gave it 84 percent so it seems it could have been hated and liked as well
but too many movies like it are made
even if it is correct
i think lindsey lohan who plays candy is a good actress in this
do you often watch this kind of mov ie ?
mean girls is similar to most favorite teen shows.  rachael madams iplays regina george
exactly
amanda seyfriend plays karen he role was more quiet
that is what i think
what’s interesting is this was a non fiction book
it got a score of 66/100 which is not wonderful either
that is the mark i would have given
the burn book was an interesting concept
the cinema score was a a -
hello
hi
the imitation game is a great movie
have you seen this movie?
yes, i have.
i really enjoyed it. i love revenge movies
i as well, hitman movies are the best!
yes! and keanu reeves did such a great job
he always delivers! this movie had such an authentic b movie feel to it!
yeah! i loved it
i felt crushed when they killed his puppy though
ikr! very violent film, destroyed a lot of stuff - how many black suv's were trashed during the filming of this movie?
hahaha! oh my god. so true! the infamous black suv
i had totally forgotten that john leuizamo was in this movie, he is like the ninja actor that shows up when you least expect it!
oh yeah! that's right. so many great actors in this movie
and they all looked so cool in their mafia suits
the movie has such an authentic criminal world feel to it. (cough cough) not that i would know what the criminal underworld looks like
hahaha uh oh
oh and the mustang was sick!
the scene where the bad guy realizes that they just pissed off wick - priceless
i looooove mustangs
great selection of vehicles for the movie
when a great assassain gets back into the business for revenge, ya'd better watch out! lol
hahah you know it!
it was a really fun movie
all behind a puppy!
i would do the same for my dog in a heartbeat!
extremely  rare gem of a film
who was that lady assassain in the nightclub? extremely beautiful
yeah, i'm surprised it only received a b rating on rotten tomatoes
kept rewinding her scenes! great actress
ms. perkins?
you know, sometimes the critics get it right and other times we just gotta judge for ourselves!
that's her!
yeah i never really trust ratings. we all have different tastes. it's all subjective
that's adrianne palicki
yes! i know her from other stuff, but she was too good in this movie. a great actress always makes you forget your watching a movie!
yeah she was a great character!
up uuuuuuntil she died. she broke the rules.....and rules are rules...lol
that last fistfight though!
what do you think, better than neo vs agent smith?
wick went through the henchmen, and i was shocked when wick allowed himself to get stabbed! i literally said aloud "what are you doing?"
then i said "oh, i see now!" lol
i liked the final fight scene in wick better than the matrix just my opinion.
and of course, at the end, wick gets a new puppy
what happens if the mailman accidentally maces' wicks' new dog? lol
haha sorry my internet got glitchy for second
but yeah! haha pretty funny
hello! do you like comedy, adventure, and animation movies?
yes i like all of those genres. what do you think about the rating of this movie?
i think the ratings are good. rotten tomatoes gave it an 89% and cinemascore gave it an a+
yes same here. it was very popular kids all wanted frozen themed everything. the story line was different from other princess movies
yes, i thought it was a great disney movie with very cute characters
what do you think about the cast? kristen bell is one of my faves.
i think the cast is great with idina menzel who has a beautiful voice
she was great, very distinctive voice. i think olof was the funniest.
i was very impressed with the animation and how pretty the whole movie was
the art was very nice, especially the ice castle scene.
it was in 3d. do you watch movies in 3d or 2d usually?
when i can catch the movies in 3d i try to watch them. it's a different experience but can easily ruin a movie. what do you think
i agree. it depends on the movie and the seats too
i thought it was sad when the parents died at sea
i like the rock family they were cute.
do you think it will end up on b roadway?
i think it will. the songs were so catchy
i like that the hero in the movie is elsas younger sister and not the typical prince.
me too. i like that it was about family and sisters too.
same here and being that i have two i could relate to how they felt about each other.
i argree. i did not like hans
who was your favorite character?
he was horribe, i did not like how he tried to make ana the villain. but i did appreciate kristoff and how helpful he was.
my favorite character was olof. how about you?
i liked anna. she was precious
did you like the ending
what were your thoughts about the scene when hans locked up elsa  in that room.
it was scary. i was surprised since she liked hans so much at the start
yes i loved the ending, i liked that the town saw that elsa was not as bad as hans made her to be, and that kristoff and ana ended up together
me too.
he was a character the deception was great
hi. just looking at this now.
hola, ando leyendo
who played hawkeye?
hey let me remember that
what role did robert downey jr play?
ok, so i am looking for robert downey jr. 's role and who played hawkeye. do you know?
is one of the main characters of the plot
do you know who wrote and directed 'the avengers?'
stan lee and  jack kirby
joss whedon
the publisher marvel comics
oh !
do you know the rotten tomatoes score?
no, tell me about that
tell me that you know about this movie
92% with an average of 8/10 interesting
do you know who thor's brother is in this film?
really no, i dont know tell me that
loki. the team of captain america, the hulk, and thor, along with iron man are trying to stop loki.
you here?
mark ruffalo played the hulk. did yo know that?
ah, i understand it's quite complex and the three main characters have a mission
i liked the movie because of the mission you mention. did you like it?
i'm just reading about it
ok
i'm really interesting and it's a classic
i guess a wormhole opened to let loki through to the earth.
the wormhole is called atesseract. that's hard to say and spell.
that hole that he found was quite exciting
a movie critic said the the hulk was played like he was a reservoir of calm but then became a volcano. i agree.
143 minutes for a movie is long these days
are you there and reading the document. tell me about your impression of how long the movie is please
i understand
why let chat
just i lose my conexion
hello
have you ever seen this movie
hello
i don't think that i have
have you?
no. i vaguely remember a book tho like from school time?
i do too!!
i thought it was a movie back then, so maybe this is a remake of that
i think so too because i saw 2013 and was like ummmm i thought it was older than that.
i do like leonardo dicaprio though, so i should watch it!
oh yeah, i see them mention the book in the document which is really old
he sure is in a lot of movies
ya he is!
i definitely would check this movie out. i think i recalled that i liked the book- but wow that was like 20 years ago lol
hahaha not nearly 20 for me but close!!!
it doesn't have a very good rating with rotten tomatoes
sort of low rating scores tho
theyre kinda tough though!
very
yeah i was just checking that out- maybe it's not that good
yes that is true they are very hard on their ratings
maybe not. i'd still check it out though.
the story seems interesting.
i dont know any of the other casts, i dont think
tobey maguire plays spiderman i think
id definitely be willing to check it out.  the name is a classic.
oh okay i would know that character then
i wonder if it's on netflix
i was just thinking that too
i would watch it for sure if it was there
i have prime too so i could chk there too.  we can also find trailer online too
me too! i"m gonna have to check it out once i get off of here.
oooh yes, me too!
thats a good idea!
i love finding new movies to see
hello.
hi, i think you should watch lala land. it sounds like it is an amazing movie
who stars in the movie?
ryan gosling, emma stone, and john legend
i like ryan gosling. he is a good actor, but i heard that it was a musical. is that correct?
yes, it is a musical romatic comedy! it has the best off all the things that make you feel good! romance,and comedy.
i cannot imagine ryan gosling in a musical, but i guess it could work.
where does the movie take place?
he plays as the jazz pianist, and he falls in love with emma stone. it takes place in los angeles.
is emma stone playing an artist also?
she is a aspiting actress in this film. they are both pursuing their dreams.
what part does john legend play?
i am not sure what part he pays. in the first part ryan gosling is at a party and he plays a cover of i ran (so far away), he feels like the song is an isult for a serious musician
what is the time period of the movie? is it a modern story?
yes i think it is modern time period
have you seen the movie?
no i have not seen it yet, i want to though. i want to know if they stay together or they have a struggle with their relationship
relationships are tough. i wonder how the two characters handle theirs.
emma who plays mia, writes her own one women play. that sound interesting! ryan who is playing sebastian is performing regualry at a club and they move in together. i am thinking they sound like a fun couple.
do you know what the play is about?
no, sadly i do not know what it is about. i do know that sebastian does not enjoy the music his band plays in
is there alot of dancing also?
i am not sure on that, but i would think there is. sounds like it is filled with music! i love a good musical
i do too, if it is done well.
does emma stone sing as well?
when their band has the first tour mis and sebastian get into an argument! he thinks she wants him to be unsuccessful
that doesn't bode well for the relationship.
i think she is just an aspiring actress, not a singer. he misses her first play where noone shows up, and she owes the theater money and moves to nevada since she can not pay. getting very interesting!
does he go with her to nevada?
no, she is mad and not forgiving him for missing her play. her first play sounds like it was a bust
it sounds like it. writing plays must be difficult. sounds like she took it hard.
john legend plays keith, he is a band member. i bet hes a great bank member!
i bet you are right.
i am sure she just did not have enough experience for the play writing and how to execute the play and promote it.
well, this sounds like an interesting movie. thanks for all the information.
i do hope you will see it. i want to see how the realtionship plays out during the film.
sounds great.
hi. 'the imitation game' is based on a true story about code breaking in wwii. great reviews.
don
it is about for good person
it is about good people. it's a thriller, but actually happened.
hello!
hello there, how are you today?
i'm pretty good. seems like you have the document this time. do you have a movie you'd like to talk about?
so the movie is how to train your dragon, have you seen this before?
i haven't but i've heard good things about it!
what's it about?
well let see, it came out in 2010 and was produced by dreamworks, it is a fully animated show.
dreamworks huh? i do enjoy a lot of their movies. i assume from the title that it has something to do with dragons?
it is set back in the viking days, and it has a teenage character named hiccup, who finds a wounded dragon and befiends it.
befriends
oh the old boy and his dog story but with a dragon huh? that sounds pretty interesting. was it received pretty well?
the movie is a bit unique as it uses 3d animation , its a coming of age comedy, the same producers of lilo and stitch created it.
it seemed to do ok it got a 98% on rotten tomatoes, but an a in cinema score
i see! that sounds pretty good then.  you said it was animated but do you know who provides the voices?
actually some well known names come to mind, like hiccup is played by jay baruchel. and gerard butler as the chief viking, america ferrera plays a friend of hiccup. hiccup is the main character of course.
that's really cool. i'm sure they do a great job. i really like animated movies so i might have to check that one out sometime.
i have actually seen it and i would recommend it
you mentioned that he befriends a dragon. can you tell me anything more about that?
sure, the dragons name is night fury. and the movie doesn't have much of a storyline, but it has battles between tamed and evil ones.
do youlike dragons?
i see, that sounds pretty interesting though. i do! dragons are usually the bad guys in a film so it might be cool to get a film with a good one
and vikings as well. it sounds like a very unique setting.
yes, the isle of berk is their village, and they are afraid of the dragons because they steal their livestock, so when they come upon the dragons they usually kill them.
oh no! but i guess hiccup finds out that not all dragons are bad in the end?
see hiccup is scrawny and cant fight because he is scrawny, so he makes things, apparatuses if you will.
but he isnt very good at it
i see, an awkward kid makes a friend of a dragon huh? that does sound very interesting.
i usually like animated films that have a good main character so this might be right up my alley.
so during one of those attacks hiccup shoots at a dragon, and believes he has shot it down. finds it later, not dead, but damaged. helpes the dragon fly again then finds out that thedragonsare being bullied by a bigger one.
i see! i bet he works together with his new dragon friend to help them out then.
so hiccup and his friends decide they are going to help out hiccups friendly dragon and they all learn how to train awkward dragons and go off to fight the biggest dragon which they call red death.
that does sound cool!
and it looks like we're done
it's been nice talking with you!
have a good day.
hello
i know a movie you may like
what's the movie about?
it's actually sort of a musical
that's great! i love musicals. are there any big name actors in the movie?
ryan gosling
nice! it looks like the movie has pretty great ratings on rotten tomatoes and other review sites
it also has emma stone
do you think you would like the movie?
i would love it.
i think i would love it as well
the critics love it.
do you like dancing in movies?
i do!
what do you think of the two key scenes? which one sounds more interesting to you?
i would like the first one just to see someone playing music soulfully
i agree. i think that scene sounds interesting
i just saw it has john legend in it
isn't he, like, a legend or something?
haha i think so!
i think the new scene, where mia decides to write a one-woman play sounds cool
it's in la.
i do like the setting
she does sound like a cool character
i'm more of a new york person myself
they both sound interesting. new york is a great place as well!
la is so flat isn't it?
and all that nasty stuff in the news about hollywood
yeah, it is. and expensive!
the warm climate is appealing though
do you like jazz?
i can appreciate jazz, but it's not one of my favorite genres. do you?
not my favorite either
i prefer more forethought and craftsmanship in my music
improv doesn't suit me
i agree with that. i do appreciate that a contemporary movie is bringing jazz into it. jazz isn't usually found in mainstream movies
gotta go. peace.
hi
hi there, what were you opinions?
i have one great movie to recommend
lay it on me, buddy
did you watch the great gatsby
the adaptation starring leonardo dicaprio? i did indeed, it was enrapturing!
it is based on novel from 1925
leonardo did some stunning acting
written by f scott fitzgerald? indeed, truly the great american novel
i think this movie was the best in 2013
great production and the vintage costumes were magnificent
without a doubt in my mind, tobey maguire as nick carraway was a casting masterstroke in my mind
the costume design definitely invoked the nouveau riche ideals which were central themes in the source material
this movie entered the classics
not only that, but baz lurhmann's direction was a magnificent sight to behold
baz luhrmann put a lot of drama and tension moments and combine it with romance
indeed, i also seem to remember the film picking up a wide amount of critical acclaim, and several award nominations for the efforts behind it
yes it was very strange that r.t gave only 48% rating
perhaps, but i also seem to remember some of the more positive responses to the film, responses more in line with my own.
and the budget was 190 mil. $
i can definitely see where the money was placed, and for me it was all money well spent, as baz lurhmann seemed to have such a clear idea of the kind of film he wanted to craft.
emily foreman as pammy  did very good job i li ke it very much
absolutely, another character that fitzgerald managed to make leap of the page, doing much the same in the film version.
did you liked the car,the white limousine
absolutely, a style icon of the 1920s brought to life with startling vivacity, just one of the many set dressings that this film got entirely correct.
it was filmed in australia
production started 2011
i think 2 years was time well spent to craft such a rich and vivid film, absolutely awe-inspiring!
yes indeed
and a lot of champagne ,and classy moves
did you left ?
no, still here, just contemplating the character of gatsby
new york in that time was amazing city ,full with class
indeed, but perhaps gatsby himself reminds us that shallow shows of wealth are no compensation for human misery
its interesting how such a richly written character can also work as an allegory in that way
i think finish button is open ,we can now finish the conversation .bye
hey, how are you?
do you like monsters university?
i do, i thought billy did a good job as mike
yeah billy crystal is great. who is your favorite character?
mike was. monster u is cute and funny and the animation, though not exactly inspired, has a lot of color.
i really liked all the comedy in it. and the music
the comedy is true to the spirit of monsters inc and matches its tone but never seemed content to turn over old ground. the music hit all the right notes i think
i agree, it was a very safe bet for pixar with how they presented it.
superstar actors doing voice acting is always going to make money, though.
i agree, it has enough stuff to haunt the imagination long after the immediate buzz of cuteness has melted away. for a mere prequel, that's a good result.
i liked the whole fraternity aspect of it, very tongue in cheek.
yes, it was a refreshing outlook on the series as a whole and provided a nice background for the characters.
i thought the scene of mike at 7 years old was a good call-back too.
i agree, i liked when they show mike's background story of why he became a scarer. i always wondered why he chose to do that
i also like how they show the friendship between mike and sully develop
yeah i never thought of sully as the cool guy iike that
i didn't know sully had such a pretentious  background compared to other characters. it explains why only he was accepted into roar omega roar.
true, and it does do a good job of showing how both characters are flawed.
i thought the whole scare games plot was a fairly good one too, kept it interesting.
i agree, i like that they didn't try to make them perfect.
yes! and so much was at stake for them in that game as well
it would decide if they could be renerolled or not. how do you feel about how sully cheated?
i thought it was delaying the inevitable and giving them a false sense of accomplishment.
i agree, i felt bad for mike who thought he succeeded on his own terms but instead was helped to win
i thought it was ironic too since they only get eliminated from the first challenge because another team was diqualified for cheating.
yes i agree. it ended up causing them to become expelled from the university as well
i feel like they sacrificed themselves for the rest of the fraternity to get accepted though.
i agree and i think that it was a noble thing to do. at least they still were able to be hired at monsters, inc. and work their way up to becoming scarers.
yeah, guess it shows that you don't need education sometime! haha.
exactly, sometimes all that's needed is preservation  and hardwork!
at least they didn't get in a lot of trouble with the cda
yeah i was taken aback when hardscrabble said they were the first students to surprise her.
i agree, i thought they weren't too special. all in all it was a great movie!
hello. what is the movie?
hey, t he movie we got is the imitation game
what is it about?
it is a biography of about alan turing, a british cryptanalyst who decrypted german intelligence codes during world war 2.
who is the lead actors?
the lead actors are benedict cumberbatch and keira knightley
do they successfully decrypt the code?
i am not sure if they successfully decrypt the code, i would assume so otherwise i doubt it would be as historically relevant.
okay. what kind of movie is it? thriller? drama? comedy?
it is a drama
any other known actors in it?
yeah, there is matthew goode and tom goodman-hill in the movie as well.
how long is the movie?
i am not sure how long the movie is, if i had to guess i'd say 2 hours.
what year was it released originally ?
it was originally released in 2014.
did it win any awards?
it doesn't mention winning any awards, however it has amazing reviews from different organizations.
can you tell me more about the reviews?
the film received a cinemascore of a+ as well as a rotten tomatoes review of 91%.
there are quite a few key scenes throughout the movie that are relevant  as well.
relevant to what?
to the story. one of them explains how the main character, alan turing is unhappy in his boarding school due to bullying. it is through that unhappiness that he found his interest in cryptography.
i 'm quite interested in the movie. anything else you want to tell me?
i don't want to give too much away, but there is a few points where characters are revealed as spys and release important information about the main character.
ph, spy. i love spy.
i do too. also, there are a lot of secrets within the movie about the main character as well that are incredibly important to the story.
but i can't say
how did it do in the box office?
i don't have any specifics, but based off the reviews of the film i would say very well.
what else do you know about the movie?
i know that it has been regarded as one of the most important stories of the last century.
who is the director?
there is some controversy however with the film, like some people are upset due to misrepresentation of facts and rearranging things to make a better story.
the director was morten tyldum.
is it because the lead character is gay?
i don't know if it has to due with him being gay, more so the order at which events were revealed misrepresented the work that turning did at bletchley park.
thanks. it's nice chatting with you.
you too!
hello?
great movie, isnt it?
what movie are you talking about?
monsters  university
ah right, i've heard it is good. what did you like about it?
for sure i didnt whatch it. but according to the article it was realised by  pixar
did it get better reviews than the original monsters inc?
can you be more specific?
monsters university is a sequel, i wondered if it is better than the first movie
unfortunately i didnt what the first
and i didnt know it was a sequel
ok then... does the article have any more information that you can tell me?
the critics say it a colorful movie
can you tell me what you think about that
does it say it is suitable for children?
i haven't seen the movie yet, i'm trying to decide if i should watch it
is it a family movie?
oh okay
i think so
i wonder if my 4 year old would enjoy it? maybe he's too young?
if it's colorful and funny i think he will enjoy it. did the article say it was a funny movie too?
may be you would be afraid, because its  a monster movie
oh is it a scary movie?
its a comedy animation so yes it is a funny movie
phew! that sounds great then, he loves comedy animation movies. i think we'll watch it together
great
do you know when it is released?
or is it already on dvd?
it was realed by 2013
so i think it is already in dvd
it might even be on netflix already! i will check tonight!
thanks for your help :)
theres no problem
hi!
hi
have you seen the movie the blindside?
no i have not
is it good ?
it is very good. i liked it a lot!
cool.
what is the genre of the movie?
the genre is a biographical sports drama.
are you into those?
nopes.
not really
do you want to know what it is about?
but if the actors are good and the movie reviews are good then i might be interested
sure
the blind side is a 2009 american biographical sports drama film written and directed by john lee hancock, based on the book the blind side: evolution of a game by michael lewis. the storyline features michael oher, an offensive lineman who was drafted by the baltimore ravens of the nfl. the film follows oher from his impoverished upbringing, through his years at wingate christian school, his adoption by sean and leigh anne tuohy, to his position as one of the most highly coveted prospects in college football, then finally becoming first-round pick of the ravens. it stars quinton aaron as big mike, sandra bullock as leigh anne tuohy, tim mcgraw as sean tuhoy.
that sounds interesting
does the movie have a happy ending?
the film received moderately positive reviews, with critics praising sandra bullock's performance. it scored 69% and average; 6.1/10 on rotten tomatoes
yes, it has a very happy ending.
awesome
then i might watch it
did you see it when it was released?
sounds good. i think you would enjoy it very much. i know i did. i really like sandra bullock movies
i did see it when it was released.
yeah, i loved her acting in miss congeniality
yes, one of my favorites. a lot of her older ones as well.
do you have any other questions about the movie
?
how long is the movie?
it was pretty long, maybe a little over 2 hours.
wow, thats a long movie
it's one of those movies that you can rewatch over and over and not get tired of it.
it feels like watching it for the first time, every time.
oh so you have seen it more than once?
oh yes, a few times.
hi there!
hello
how are you doing?
i'm good and you?
doing fine. so what do you want know?
well we are talking about the movie dunkirk it seems. i have never seen it but i have heard it is good. have you seen it?
yes i have and i enjoyed it
that's good. was the movie fast paced?
in most moments yes.
do you feel they relied too much on special effects though?
not, it feels very real.
who was your favorite character in the movie?
i really liked alex
why is that?
he was a complex character. not straight up good guy or bad guy.
do you feel the movie had a fitting ending or was it a cliffhanger?
as an historical drama there was little chance for a cliffhanger. so it ended well.
that's good. do you feel that all the characters were well developed?
no. the "gibson" character could have been better developed.
what about casting choices? were the actors all pretty decent for their character roles?
they were, with some surprises like harry styles making the cast.
do you feel they were pretty accurate with the props and clothing for the time period portrayed  since it was a historical drama?
yes. not only in the military side, but also in regards to the characterization of civilian life.
what was your favorite part of the whole movie?
the scene where tommy, alex and gibson hide inside a trawler.
okay
are you interested in watching the film?
alex seems like a really cool character. especially with all the realism described.
so yes i am interested
i wonder why there is a gap in the rotton tomatoes score and the metacritic score for wonder woman
hello! that is very strange, maybe they have different audiences, did you originally see this as a war movie? i guess i personally separate war movies from super hero movies
i do that too, i think of them both as different genres, even though wonder woman was set during world war 1.
yeah i could see them grouping it together, i just usually separate them, i enjoy the actors though, gal gadot and chris pine are great, how did you feel about their choices?
i thought the casting was great, even though this was the first time i ever heard of gal gadot.
i was shocked though it was so well received with cirtics considering its a dc film haha, usually marvel runs the place
i agree. i think one of the reasons it was well received was because wonder woman was trying to end the war, instead of contributing to a growing conflict.
yeah, a lot of the marvel movies tend to just make up a conflict and then go with it instead of going off an existing one. i enjoyed it though, it is interesting the difference in opinions though, i don't know if i would see a second one
i think if patty jenkins directs a sequel, it would be as good as the first one. she did a great job with this movie.
thats true, if they can keep the cast and crew together i think the chances of it being a hit increase. i believe thats more then 3 exchanges we've had about the movie now
the document just updated for me. one of the things that caught my eye of the movie is how the time period was depicted, especially with how princess diana received a photographic plate whereas now we can take selfies. it is an interesting disconnect.
oh mine just updated too, sorry about that. i think thats interesting and a good period for the film, i think the mythology involved behind it was very intriguing
i agree. usually whenever greek or roman mythology is presented in a movie it is dense and opaque, but it was easily understood in wonder woman.
yeah introducing concepts like that can definitely be hard to follow sometimes depending on how they're presented. it's interesting that zues chose amazonian warriors to protect mankind
the way ares was punished was also interesting, with only zeus able to wound him in the battle.
i liked that it was only them left, zues and ares had to fight to save mankind, it made it interesting with it being in a time period where the first time in history we had a world war
i thought it was interesting that the american pilot crashed near south america, connecting world war 1 to the amazonian setting was done very well in the film in my opinion.
yeah it seems they did a very good job of having the plot points connect with real world situations, the island then being invaded by the germans looking to advance their warfare technology really gives you a sense of good side/bad side
especially with the germans trying to engineer an even deadlier version of the chemical weapons they had, i think that ties very well into everyone's ingrained mortality.
i also like that hippolyta allowed her sister to train diana, giving her the extra she needed to really stand out from the amazonian warriors
i felt that was a very feminist-inspired scene, which i really enjoyed seeing in the film. that was a big dynamic in how the world war was almost exclusively fought by men, with the sole woman wanting to end it.
that is a really interesting point that i haven't considered, i know that the film was widely proclaimed to give a voice to feminism but that point really solidifys that
i really didnt except sir patrick to ares, its an interesting dynamic that really came out.
i thought the scene when sir patrick revealed himself as ares also influenced that, where he wanted to use the godkiller sword to destroy humanity, but wonder woman said no.
yeah i really didn't except wonder women to be the godkiller although it does make sense
i think that was another big feminist point in the movie, in my opinion. the ending of the movie was very heartfelt and connected how wars of the past influence our present when princess diana emailed bruce wayne
yeah, i think the dynamic between the all the characters fits really well, linking it all togheter, from diana and bruce, to diana and ares, and ares and zues
the casting helped make the movie incredible, the charisma and chemistry between every character showed. the scene where steve hijacked the bomber showed that very well i think.
steve has a really inteseting role in the movie too, providing a lot of support but still not taking over the main role
his character was an excellent supporting character in my opinion.
hello, i'd love to know the name of the movie
hello, the movie is zootopia
it is described as a brilliantly well-rounded film that is funny smart and thought provoking
i have not see zootopia but frozen yes
i don't have kids, but the will start coming soon :)
i would highly recommend you watch the film zootopia because it received a rotten tomatoes rating of 98%
did you get access to the documents about the movie?
oh wow 98% is good
yes i did get access to documents about zootopia
but the problem i have with these movies..they usually potray things that are from someone's imagination
lucky you, i have to get all the information from you because it's obvious they let you access so that i can ask all the questions?
any elements of lgbt freedom in it? because i realize most movies now a days potray lbgt  freedom
oh thats good, seems to be well made and researched
yes, indeed they do. but the positive aspect about the movie zootopia, is that although it is all imaginary, the film carries a message of acceptance that is thought-provoking
music helps to keep the vibes real
ok.nice chatting with u
yes, also the cast of the film includes idris elba, ginnifer goodwin
directions stated we talk for 20 min. i am supposed to convince you to watch the film
hello.
i liked the wolf of wall street,
does the wolf of wall street look like a good movie?
of course, what if and to you?
there are not so many movies about the topic "stockbroker" that i know of.
there is almost no
i can't quite understand why it rated so badly on rotten tomatoes.
how did leonardo do it for you?
with only 7.8/10 .
i liked him as jordan belfort.
excellent character
did you like the whole plot of the movie?
sure, i enjoyed the plot.
do you think that what they did was wrong?
hmm, you mean the big scheme in the end?
no, i guess that is just how the business runs.
jonah hill as donnie azoff?
do you remember that character?
what good paper did
yes. i liked that one too.
it took the fbi quite a long time to get them.
it's interesting how people come up on wall street, would you like to be one of them?
it seems to me that jordan's wife was just for the money she had
i guess that time has passed. nowadays most of the trade is digital i guess.
so that part of the spirit of wall street is gone.
yes, he married the wrong wife.
would you like a new version of the movie?
yes. a modern version would be interesting.
it might be a bit more like it crowd.
you add something more to the movie?
metacritic score: 75/100 i think it was very low and you?
in 1987 the country to go for money laundering is still switzerland.
the critics rated it too low for my feeling.
goodnight.
i liked the movie
hello!
hey!
what movie are we talking about?
how to train your dragon.
oh, i have not seen that. what is it about?
are you there?
the movie is an animation based loosely on a british book series directed by chris sanders, with battles by dragons and coming of age.
what is the name of the main character?
i'm not sure.
you should watch this movie because it's a thrilling action-adventure sage with exhilarating 3d movie!
is it meant to be a children's movie or one for adults?
its a children's movie.
do you know what age group? i may want to have my children see it.
starts off with a 15 year old son of the village chieftain and i would say anywhere from 7 and up.
rated pg?
it has a rating of 7.9 and a 98% on rotten tomatoes!
if you didn't know it came out in 2010.
well then i guess we won't be seeing it in 3-d lol.
have you seen it?
i have not seen it yet but it goes on to say that the stock the vast is a dragon killer and instead of killing a rare dragon he sets it free.
interesting, what is the dragon's name?
hiccup another character goes to a forest where the dragon was originally stuck and gradually tames the dragon which is a nigh fury.
his name is toothless for his retractable teeth.
that sounds cute. maybe i can have my 5 year old see it.
absolutely hiccup goes on to subdue a captive dragon in his final test, but does not harm it, stoick on the other hand angers the dragon into attacking hiccup!
did you want to know more?
do you usually watch animated movies?
i would love to know more. my children love animated films
toothless the dragon comes to protect hiccup but ends up getting captured by the vikings...
stoick is hiccups father and hiccup ends up telling him by accident that  oothless knows where the dragons nest is and sets off with toothless the dragon while disowning his son in the process.
toothless*
do the humans end up living in harmony with the dragons?
the vikings expel most of the dragons but attacked by the red death until hiccup, astrid fly in riding the dragons provide cover . hiccup almost drowns trying to break toothless free from a sinking ship but stoick saves them both and then reconciles with his son.
toothless and hiccup destroy the red death but he ends up getting hurt, giving him a prosthesis and the end up living in harmony!
that definitely sounds like something my five year old would like. what is the red death?
red death is another dragon who tries to take out the vikings.
but glad i could persuade you to watch the movie!
thanks!
hello
hi
looks like we got monsters university
ok
i’ve never seen it
me either
i had picked the shape of water
i had home alone
lol
i've seen that at least
it looks like billy crystal in the movie
ok
it’s seem to do ok on rotten tomatoes i got a 79%
yeah no kids so not great with kids movies
that's pretty good
that’s ok i’ve got a bunch information from we  can figure it out
4 stars on umdb too
imdb
oh john goodman‘s in this too and kind of suprised steven buscemi  is in this
that's a good cast
he normally plays really creepy bad  guys
haha totally
looks like monster hunter has something like fraternity or sorority games called scary games
oops monsters university i’ve been playing monster hunter sorry
maybe it’s to teach kids to challenge themselves
oops did i lose you
hey partner
hey partner
hey
i like the movie, about about you?
hi  what's up?
i only see that you have entered the room.  are we chatting?
are you there?
yes, sorry
have you seen monsters university?
was almost ready to give up.
i was reading the directions
no is that a pixar movie?
yes it's a pixar movie from 2013
okay and was it fun?
yes, it is a prequel for the monsters inc movie from 2001. it stars john goodman and billy crystal as the main characters.
all i can see is what you write
oh two good actors   what happens in it?
it's about the main characters, mike and silley. they are going on a school field trip.
i take it that it's their voices
yes, they play the main characters. it's a computer animated movbie.
and in a bus?
what kind of antics do they do?
mike goes on a field trip to monsters inc on a school trip and decides he wants to be a scarer when he grows up. he goes to monsters university when he grows up and meets sulley.
i think my screen has a delay and doesn't move very quickly
i have to read the info they are providing and then tell you information about it, so it takes a few seconds for me to write
a scarey?
okay so it's not me then?
a scarer. basically they harvest energy from scaring children at night.
no it's not you
oic  monsters under th bed kind of?
so they join a fraternity on campus and try to enter the scare games, kind of like hunger games i guess.
yes, like that, or in a closet.
okay i get the idea
they have a hard time during the scare games and get disqualified.
i'm sorry if this is not making sense. the plot seems a little ridiculous, lol
what?  they don't know how to scare?
i haven't seen it so lllll
so, when they enter the scare games, one of them cheated, so they get disqualified. sulley was the one who cheated.
i never go see this type of movie now that i don't have kids to go with me.
they go to "college" to learn the best strategies to scare.
now that is funny!
i saw the first one and it was really good, but my kids were young then. now i have no reason to see it.
well, i guess i have to go see for myself.  it's probably on tv somewhere.
so, after they get disqulified from the scare games, they both take jobs at monsters, inc, in the mail room and they work their way up until they are able to join the "scarer team"
it got 79% on rotten tomatoes.
okay  bye now
bye
hi
hey
what is the name of the movie
the social network
good name
who is the main character
it is a great movie, you should watch it sometime. the main character jesse eisenberg plays mark zuckerberg who is the founder of facebook.
interesting. is it a biography?
in some senses it is, but it also has some drama too.
any violence
no violence, it's more a tale of sex, money, genius and betrayal.
are there any other main characters worth mentioning
yes, andrew garfield and justin timberlake both made huge roles in this movie as jesse eisenberg friends.
wow
are there any reviews?
i love when all three of them team up and work together to really create what it is.
yes, it sounds like quite a story
most of the reviews have it high, rotten tomoatoes and metacritic both at 95% and cinemascore at a b+
good ratings
the movie sounds like something i would watch
i think that you would really enjoy the movie. you should definitely check it out. it will give you some great insight into how facebook was made.
good ratings and solid semi biography. thanks for giving me your insight, i will enjoy watching this movie
bye
awesome. i am glad to hear it, and would love to hear your personal opinion after watching it.
have a great day!!
wait what year is the movie
it is from 2010
fairly old
yes, but it is still very current because everyday there are changes in social media.
true
did the movie win any awards
it was named the movie of the year.
wow. great!
the movie sounds really awesome and i will definitely check it out. have a wonderful day
what genre of movies do you usually watch?
hi have you seen wonder woman yet?
i have and i loved it! how did you like it?
it was better than i was expecting. looks like alot of people liked it. rotten tomatoes gives it a 92% score
yes, 92% is a great score for the movie, especially with a cinemascore of an a also. everyone i know who watched it thought it was great.
i think because it had something for everyone. action and a beautiful woman for the guys and a strong female character for the gals.
indeed, plus it was the first time ever that a female director directed a comic book superhero movie.
ah i didn't catch that. that's right. it makes me want to see the rest of the upcoming  decu movies more
the plot was great, it was about a amazonian princess who leaves her home behind to try to solve the conflict in the "outside" world. very action-packed.
yeah the scenery was great. and chris pine too.3 .
of course, who wouldn't want chris pine as a love interest!
the greek mythology was a nice touch to the standard superhero formula
the greek mythology was great, but i thought it was a bit confusing.
yeah i'm sure that wasn't explained as well as it should have, but they probably needed to get to the bang bang scenes faster
true, people went for the action for sure. i personally like movies with a bit more of a back story.
right, i wouldn't mind an extra 5-10 minutes with more detailed story about ares and zeus
yes, t hat and also about how zeus met an amazonian.
the training scenes were great with her mom the queen though
i mean her mom's sister, her auntie
oh for sure! i loved seeing the evolution of how she trained and how strong she got.
i'm glad they made the lasso a strong weapon.
yes. i also liked the scene when diana saves steve when he crashes into the ocean. a woman saving a man in a movie for once.
yeah there was alot of feminine cheering  in the theater for that scene
i hated that her aunt died when the germans invaded though.
yeah that was sad, pretty unavoidable though to advance the story and give gravitas to ww's journey
how did you like sir patrick?
i was a little surprised by his reveal, but i wasn't paying much attention to everyone else outside of ww, cp and the scenery tbh
i saw that coming. too predictable that he was ares i thought.
right, but there's only so much they can do it's a huge movie designed for the masses, not for those with discriminating tastes ;)
haha, very true! i thought it was neat that they started the story by diana reminiscing while looking at an old picture though!
yeah the ending reminded me of captn america with his story in the past and waking up to the modern day world
yes, but from different universes ;)
heh at this point it doesn't really matter unless you're really invested in either universe
true. can't wait till the next installment!
but with cp taking the bomber away to detonate is just like captn america going to the arctic to destroy his bom b
yeah, im sure it'll be a great one
for sure, many similarities. i have to say i liked wonder woman more so than batman vs superman.
hmmm wonder why this doc hasn't moved on. it's been awhile
hi
hi
so i heard you seen a movie?
yes, despicable me. it's an animated movie that came out a few yers ago
nice that's sound interested. can you tell me a little bit about it?
would an adult also enjoy the movie?
sure, it stars steve carrell as a supervillan, with russell brand as his scientist/partner in crime. it was directed by pierre coffin..
awesome
do they offer a 3d version as well?
yes! it got a rotten tomato score of 81%, and most reviews praise how smart the humor is. it's good for the whole family.
yes, it comes in 3d and regular
nice
do you want to know the plot?
i like steve carrell, he was funny in other movies i have seen him in as well. i think it would be funny to see him doing a animated voice over.
no please tell me a little bit about it
yes i mean lol
it really is! it is designed very well, and his personality comes through in the animation. steve carrell is trying to steal the moon after another villan steals the pyramid at giza
oh wow that sound interesting. what age group  would you see this movie is made for?
i would say it's for young kids all the way up to adults. it is a good blend of silly and intelligent humor
is there alot of singing in the movie? i dont particular like musical type movies but my kids do?
there's a song written just for this movie by pharell. it's not too much music, and it's probably too hard for kids to memorize & sing constantly, but there are characters called minions that dance and act very silly
oh ok. lol sounds like my kind of movie. i'm a big kid at heart
is the movie pretty long or standard?
me too, i really enjoyed it. it's a good mix of funny and feel-good, gru eventually adopts three little girls who help him steal the moon. it is not too long, maybe 1.5 hours
oh that is not bad at all. i think i will look forward to seeing this movie with my kids. should keep their attention for awhile. lol
lol it definitely will! although they might just want to watch it over and over again
cool, this definitely helped me out . oh hey is this a disney movie or who is it made by?
it's made by a french studio mac guff, but illumination entertainment bought the studio and released this movie with universal pictures.
oh wow i didn't know universal had their hands in animation.
i didn't either, i think maybe they're involved because it was a computer animated film
oh. makes sense
will you watch it with your children or let them watch it while you do other things?
i thiink i would like to watch it with them. sounds like it may be fun for the whole family.
hello. do you like movies?
yes, but ones based on old toys are werid
this one is called real steel and i trying to remember if i've watched it.
i haven't, no interest in it
i agree with the reviewer stating it's rocky with robots
i also think it's a little bit inspired by rock em sock em robots, an old toy
okay. i do remember watching it, because i saw that hugh jackman was in it.
sometimes i'll watch these if they keep my interest. i think i only watched it because of him.
he is a good actor nice to see him as someone other than logan once in a while, lol
yea, i like thrillers or drama, who-dun-it kind of movies.
this is more of an action film with robots
rotten tomatoes gives it 59 percent. i guess that means they say it's an ok kind of move. i remember the boxing robots though.
the deal where the winner gets the loser's robot seems a bit extreme
lol. i see the movie was filmed totally in michigan. good for them. tax credits.
yeah, that was nice while it lasted. seems to have dried up though
i live in ohio and i hear about those "credits" for movies being made here. normally i'd watch hugh jackman in other movies.
he's a decent actor.
didn't realize this movie was that old - 2011, time goes quick. i don't recognize the other actors.
neither do i
this reads like a standard boxing movie... but with robots
do you like boxing as a sport?
nah
i don't like most sports though
i'm reading through here looking for interesting facts about the movie. it says the film's based on a short story called "steel" which was orginally published in 1956, later adapted into a twilight zone episode in 1963. now that's interesting. the old twilight zone shows frightened me. lol
i love old twilight zone but don't recall the one this is based on
true. weird, but even today some of the episodes spooked me.  it says the metacritic score 56/100. who's metacritic?
i think they're another review aggregate site?
i watch the twilight zone mrathons on syfy all the time
if i watch them, it's only in daytime. i'm such a wimp. lol. i'm not familiar with director either - shawn levy
doesn't ring any bells for me either
genre is science, sports, yep that's true.
hello
hi
what is the name of the movie?
batman v superman. have you watched it ?
no, i havent, is it good?
are you still there?
it's better than man of steel, the superman movie
but well below dark knight.
hi
what moviie did you see
hello how are you? have you heard of batman begins? it is a great movie!
no tell me more
what is it about
it stars christian bale, michael caine, and liam neeson. great cast right?
yes
it is
what is the movie about
this is pretty much the reboot of the batman film franchise with a new origin story. christian bale plays batman.
cool
how long is the movie
the film has pretty good reviews. sorry but i am not sure how long the movie is based on the given document
oh ok.
what genre would you say the movie is
it is of course a superhero movie. t here are several dc comics characters in the movie like scarecrow and ra's al ghul.
thats great
i think i would love to see it
so in the beginning, bruce wayne falls into a well and is attacked by bats.
then what happens
?
well obviously he became afraid of bats. and then his parents get gunned down in the street by a mugger
is the movie an animation
no. it is not.
how does he become batman
the mugger is arrested for murder but soon freed in a plea deal. bruce wayne feels like he wants to take justice in  his own hands
cool
is the movie in theaters
or on dvds
the movie is from 2005. so you can watch it on dvds
thats great
i would like to watch  it
bruce wayne travels around the world and finds league of shadows
whats league of shadows?
league of shadows is a secret organization with highly trained fighters
where does bruce travel to?
all over the world. he finds league of shadows in bhutan. meanwhile in gotham, there is trouble brewing
:)
is there any other main characters
dr. jonathan crane, a corrupt psychiatrist, tries to transfer criminals to arkham asylum
you heard of arkham asylum? it is a criminal asylum for the insane
good bye
hey
hello
where would you like to start?
user 2 left the convo
hey!
hello!
this movie received mixed reviews
what do you think about it?
i think i might be the only girl who doesn't like the notebook
i liked the timeline of the film but there were unnessasery amount of screen time spent on pointless moments.
haha okay. i really like ryan and rachel so i'm assuming this movie is good. i haven't seen it yet though because the trailer looked cheesy.
both actors are excellent in the film
i haven't read the book either.
nice
i think i just have a biased opinion with nicholas sparks books made into films
do you read his books?
i think it's cute that he tries to buy her a house in scene 1
when i was 15 i read a few
allie's mom seems rude
what do you think of scene 1
upper class family's in films always appear to be rude
yeah
the ending i think really does it for alot of people
okay so this is during the world wars
i like the vintage look in the first scenes
it's getting sad at this point
i think is 50/50 either you love it or hate it
it seems like noah's  kind of like gatsby in this scene since he's convinced a house is what will bring allie
back to him
material things
anne interferes too much
i'm glad allie ends up with noah
i feel bad for lon
what do you think of the last scene?
eh, this film is like the love in titanic
hahah
there are great moments but over all the film is a bore
i see
the ending is one of those great moments
that's good to know
it looks like we're done
nice talking to you
hi
hello
how are you doing /
?
*
im doing well
good
have you seen maleficent?
yes ofcourse
its so lovely
its really good
what do you like about it
the cgi is really good
and the storyline is fantastic
i really agree with that
totally agree
and also the casting
it tells a great story about how good intentions can turn out bad
and all other components of the movie is great
yes it stars angelina joile
yes its a clean movie
shes suitable for this role
she pulled it out really good
it got a score of 51% on rotten tomatos
i feel it should have been higher
yes
but the characters served justice
to the movie really well
it also has sharlto copley  as the male lead
yes he is really good
has he been in anything else you know of?
yes i do
tell me
chappie
a team
free fire
oh nice
hardcore henry also
hi there, have you heard about the movie the post, is by spielberg
no, i haven't. tell me about it?
it has meryl strep and tom hanks in it, it's about the first female publisher of the washington post and they were going to publish the pentagon papers
oh that sounds interesting! is it a thriller?
political thriller, rotten tomatoes  users gave it a 88% approval rating
i really like meryl streep and tom hanks. 88% seems unusually low for those actors.
maybe but critics said it was an impeccably acted film, you should see it.
i would like to, maybe i'll check to see if it's available streaming online. tell me more about the drama.
the post was apparently trying to release papers detailing they 30 year involvement of the us government int he vietnam war
oh i like things that portray stories about the vietnam war. in fact i am going to see maya lin speak next month about her work designing the war memorial.
yep, well  a military analyst, ellsberg is in vietnam during combat and documents the activities for the secretary of defense but when he realizes that the secretary believes the us is going to win the war, he is disappointed because he doesn't agree. years later he photocopies classified reports and releases them.
it sounds like it was a decision made out of spite. what did he gain from those actions i wonder?
and by then he was working as a private contractor for a company named rand. he leaked them to the nty
that's a pretty prestigious paper. did they run the story right away?
it was a difficult decision to make
the guy that leaked the story, was that played by tom hanks?
nope, tom hanks is an assistant editor a the post, he tracks down ellsberg as the source of the leak
who plays ellsberg?
sorry, bob odenkirk plays the editor, hanks plays a guy named ben bradlee, don't know who plays ellsberg. the post was having a hard time deciding whether to publish or not, the nixon administration brought charges against them
oh it sounds really involved, that whole scandal is so interesting. don't you just love historical dramas?
yes, the editor katharine graham knew that she had to decide whether to publish or not, if she did, she could be charged with contempt of the court and if she published, she would establish the washington post as a very importan journalistic institution
she was the heir of the newspaper so she considered it a family legacy
gosh, that seems like history never changes. government always trying to silence the press.
exactly! the white house retaliated and ordered the post and the nyt to appear before the supreme court to pled their first amendment to publish the story
good for them!
the supreme court ruled 6-3 in favor of the newspapers, which vindicated graham's decision.
now i really want to see it. it sounds really juicy, but it will be a little difficult because i feel like the situation will anger me.
but they won. nixon god mad and barred the post from the white house
sorry, got mad
typical, sounds like another president.
ha ha, critics said movie shows that "history repeats itself"
have you seen mean girls
no, but i'm interested in it.
what's it about?
its really good. its a high school movie about a new girl entering a school that is run by a group of mean girls
its a comedy
it sounds pretty good.
what actors are in it?
its probably lindsey lohans best movie
also has rachel mcadams and amanda seyfried
wow, that's a lot of good actresses
i think i remember tina fey being in that one too.
also tim meadows.
yeah its a goof cast
when did it come out?
good*
it came out in 2004
its a solid movie
wow i can't believe it's been 14 years since it came out
that's bananas
yeah its gone by fast it seems like
how long is the movie, if i decided to watch it?
its a little under 2 hours
its an easy watch
oh, that's good.
did they ever make a sequel?
they did not
it was a one off
well, i will have to check it out then
do you think it's on netflix?
you should
i am sure its on a streaming service somewhere
awesome, i'll look it up!
thank you! nice talking to you!
hello
hi
have you watched the movie?
when it first came out. it has been a while
did you see it?
same for me
it has been a while
did you like it
i thought it was a really cool concept for a movie. my kids loved it.
did you like it?
yeah, it was ok at the time
what do you think of that last bullet point?
rokie with robots?
lol, i found that funny, rocky with robots
i would not have compared this to a classic like rocky
yeah me too, i think it is funny
i know
but the movie does feel like that
the other bullet point says, it better a cliche
i can see some thing mixing. the human strugle
now i rember it better where hugh jackman fights the bull in the beginning
the next to last bullet point is funny, "though the premise of fighting robots does seem a plausible and intriguing extension of the contemporary wwe world. reminds of robots vs wrestlers in how i met your mother  episdoes
probably that was funny
that was funny fight, watching a robot fight a bull
yeah that is funny
i thought the robot would win, lol
the bull was the real rocky
lol
yes he was
i did also like the little robot knocking out the big zeus
yeah, it had too
it has such a bad rating though
59%
i was looking at that. the other  is a 56 out of a 100
probably it is those expert reviews cause the last one it gives an a
cinemascore
guess it depends on the person, the mood they are in when they watch it. i liked the experts better
the experts liked it, lol
nice talking to you
bye
same, nice talking to you as well
later
hi! today we'll be discussing batman vs superman!
great! do i need to watch any other dc comic movies prior to watching this one?
i can't honestly say, however, as a critic noted "it's better than man of steel but not as good as the dark knight".
who are the lead actors?
it follows 2013's man of steel so you would probably need to see it just to be safe...
batman, superman and even wonder woman makes an appearance!
haha! do you know which actors play batman, superman, and wonder woman in this movie?
ben affleck plays batman/bruce wayne, henry cavill plays clark kent/superman. gal gadot stars in the film as well as diane lane as martha kent and amy adams as louis lane. are you a fan of any of those actors?
all but ben affleck. lest super hero movie i saw him in was daredevil and that was rough. let's hope he's better in this.
though, i am a michael keaton fan when it comes to batman. i suspect anyone playing batman who is not keaton will be weird to me.
most of the critics wasn't too fond of it, but cinemascore have it a rating of b, which i feel is about right for this film!
have you seen it?
i have and would grade it a solid b, just as cinemascore did. are you a fan of director zack snyder?
i'm not sure. what other movies has he directed?
he directed batman vs superman. the film takes place 18 months after the battle between general zod and superman. superman becomes a controversial figure while clark kent learns of batman's form of justice and seeks to expose him via daily planet articles.
has he directed anything else besides the batman or superman movies?
i can't honestly say. i know he directed this film while david s. goyer and chris terrio cowrote it.
batman and superman are enemies in this film?
they are - lex luthor, who is obsessed with defeating superman, basically manipulates them into fighting each other.
whose side is wonder woman on?
well to be honest, batman has superman beat and just before he can kill superman, superman utters "save martha" to which lane enterenters and explains martha is his mother. batman rescues martha while superman confronts luther on the scout ship. at this point, wonder woman hasn't debuted yet
dang! crazy that batman has superman beat! isn't batman just a millionaire with a lot of fancy gadgets? superman at least has real super powers. you would think that would give him a one-up. did batman have kryptonite  or something?
i do very much agree with you! it is puzzling but batman has a spear he plans to kill superman with just before he utters the "save martha" line, halting batman from killing him.
do the join forces after that?
they*
they do thankfully - batman actually saves martha while superman travels to the scout ship to confront luther.
does he kill luther?
luther was also the one who kidnapped martha. he doesn't kill luther but luther is arrested to which batman confronts him while he's in prison, warning that he'll always be watching.
so basically leaving an opening for another movie in the franchise?
i've heard debates on superman's and batman's outfits in this movie. some say that they are awesome and some say that they are ridiculous and too different form their b eloved originals. what are your thoughts on this?
they do... sadly, superman dies, however, bruce wayne intends to form a team of metahumans, starting with the metahumans he found in luthor's files to protect the world in sueprmans absence.
while it did seem like 153 minutes of a grown man whacking two dolls together, i still found it better than man of steel.
wait, superman dies? how??
well to be honest, at the end of the film, the dirt atop sueprman's coffin does begin to levitate! i think we're at the finish line! i enjoyed chatting with you about batman vs superman! i highly recommend you seeing it one day. if you agree with cinemascore, they rated it a b so i think you'll enjoy it and encourage you to watch it! take care and have a great day!
jaws is a very good movie even though it is older!
jaws was made in 1975 and stars roy scheider.
how was the horror element?
it is scary but works because of the characters of the movie.
that's cool
i did not know it was from a novel wrote in 1974.  did you?
no i did not know that
it was written by peter benchley.
how's the acting
i suppose the acting is good due to the direction of steven spielberg.
does the shark do a lot of damage
it starts with the shark pulling a woman that is skinny dipping down in the ocean.
her name is chrissie watkins and her remains are found on shore the next day.
that sound scary
what do they do about the shark
i know.  of course then the police chief wants to close the beach for safety but the mayor says no due to the tourist season and summer economy.
what i can't believe is that because of the mayor the coroner changes his ruling from shark attack to boat attack.
wow what ashame
the place a bounty on the shark after he attacks another person.
did someone take it
the local fisherman do catch a shark, a tiger shark. they assume that that's the killer shark.
but i assume that the shark comes again
oh yeah, on the fourth of july it comes up and kills the police chief's son.
did you know that jaws is actually supposed to be a great white shark?
that is intresting
were they able to stop the shark
i think one of the best scenes is when the police chief, the shark expert, and the shark hunter all get together to on the shark hunter's boat, the orca.
that sounds cool
they finally do at the end.  they harpoon it while on the orca but it get's away.
it attacks the boat and eats the shark hunter.
wow that must be scary
then the police chief stuffs a pressurized scuba tank into it's mouth and shoots the tank.
thanks i will watch this movie
you really should.
bye
bye
hi there
hi, i just saw dunkirk
you did? i have wanted to see that since i first heard about it. how was it?
i don't like war movies.
was the acting any good?
hello?
yeah, acting is good but the effects are better. however, i don't like war movies and can't recommend it, even though it is a visual feast.
are you  not recommending it just because you personally don't like war movies or for another reason?
i also like dialogue. but there is little of that. it's mostly an action flick.
so if i like war movies, it sounds like this one has a lot of action and good acting, i would like it?
was it a long movie?
maybe. it's also very "artsy", something critics like. if you like going to museums and looking at meaningless stuff then maybe. if not, stay home.
was it graphic, like lots of blood and guts?
can you respond a little quicker please
yes. graphic. little dialogue. visually gripping but pretentious like an impressionist painting.
how are impressionist paintings pretentious?
that is my impression.
were there any famous actors or actresses in it?
it's not long though. 106 minutes,
ok, that is pretty short for a war movie
have you heard any reviews of it?
no one famous in it. fionn whoitehead. never heard of him bbefore. jack lowden
great reviews from critics. but critics like artsy stuff. they were deeply moved.
is it better than saving private ryan?
i didn't like that one either. so even.
how was the soundtrack?
i don't recall there was a lot of sound, but mostly of war. if you see it, go to a cinema with a great sound system.
do you remember who directed it?
you definitely need surround sound.
chirstopher nolan directed. is he any good?
i think he is
where was it filmed?
it's set in france. wwii. it's about the british army. churchill makes an appearance.
helllo lets talk about the great gatsby 2013 edition
hello. can you tell me the plot?
its based upon the 1925 novel by f. scott fitzgerald
who plays gatsby?
leonardo dicaprio playes gatsby
i like him. who plays daisy?
it was carey mulligan
what would you rate the movie?
i would say its a less conventional theatrical celebration of the emotional and material extravagance that fitzgerald surveyed with fascinated abivalence
should i watch it?
i don't know but did you know tobey maguire who played nick carraway was also the narrator of the movie?
i did not know that.
do you like other movies with leonardo dicaprio in it mabee if you do you will like this one
yes, i love leonardo dicaprio. he's a great actor
it gets a cinema score of b  and gives a good picture of the roaring  twenties in new york state
is it similar to the book?
you know i dont know how similar to the book it is i never read it but perhaps you could find that info online
i read the book in high school. i'll check online.
if you do watch the movie i found the stand out actor is joel edgerton as he was very good and showing the grufness of the character he played joel edgerton
i like joel edgerton.
and he really does a great job despite the one dimensionality given to his role
he's a great actor.
i didn't like the sean when gatsby got shot before he could answer the phone it was sad
i remember that scene from the book. daisy didn't seem to really love him.
and he thought it was daisy calling him but never got the chance to find out because george shot him then commited suicide and the media planted gatsby as myrtles lover and killer
that is sad.
mabee the sadness of the whole movie is what caused the metaccritic score to only be 55/100
that's true. i'll look through them before i watch it.
the scene where nick finishes typing his memoir and titles it the great gatsby after his final walkthrew of gatsby's mansion i really liked and disliked as it brings a sense of the emptiness  we all leave behind when we pass on
that is very sad. well i think i'll watch it tomorrow.
hi there
hello
i love a good thriller. especially one produced by steven spielberg
yeah, he is great. the post is one of the better ones which  has a lot to do with tom hanks
hello
hi, do you think  this movie earned its 92& rotten tomatoes rating?
yes, i think it did, it was a great movie.  what do you think of robert downey jr in that role?
john returns to the criminal underworld
i wonder if that was triggered by the death of his wife.
thats interesting
the movie sounds exciting
yes very interesting
are you a fan of keanu reeves?
it's an action thriller movie. i love action thrillers.
me too. i also like mystery and adventure movies.
when do you plan on seeing the movie? or have you seen it already?
this movie deserves a follow up
i agree
revenge thrillers are intense
yes they are.
it only only got 6.9/10 hmmm
wow. im surpried.
made in 2014. kind of old
oh ok. good to know.
i would have thought it was newer
i remember when the trailer came out.
it had a lot of hype around it.
who returns to crime after the death of a loved one hmmm
no one in their right mind.
oh i should have know seeking vengence
yeah. revenge would be a good reason for some people.
they stole his car and killed his puppy, a gift from the dead wife.
wow. t hats bad.
i hate torture in movies though
yeah. its very unpleasent.
i like action though like fighting
yeah. me too.
this role probably fit keanu so well
i think so. he does well as an actor.
the movie is called the imitation game, a drama that received a score of 91% on rotten tomatoes.
nice, what is the movie about?
have you heard of this movie?  it is about a cryptanalyst named alan turing who decrypted german intelligence codes for the british government during ww2.
i have not heard about it. if sounds like it would be a good movie. i already like the plot of the movie. who plays in it?
this movie stars benedict cumberbatch as alan turing, keira knightley as joan clarke, matthew goode as hugh alexander and tom goodman-hill as sgt. staehl - in all honesty i don't think i have heard of any of them haha.
i have heard of keira knightley, i liked the disney pirate moves with jack sparrow. she played in all the movies. good actress. i am surprised you have not heard of her.
i have seen the movies, other than johnny depp and orlando bloom i probably couldn't name the rest of the cast.
the imitation game received great reviews from critics and a cinemascore of a+
i do not think i can either, i would need to google them just to see who they are and what they have been in the past. i hope they put together a good cast and crew for this movie.
that is nice, that gives me hope that it will be good.
the imitation game is directed by morten tyldum, are you familiar with any of his other movies?
i dont think so, what else has he produced?
i honestly have no idea...
i'm sorry, this is taking too long to progress to the next one i'm going to return this hit.
another item we would have to google to look up.
hi
hi
zootopia have u see this movie
hello
hey
i have seen this dunkirk
christopher nolan is a good director for these types of movies.
it was awesome and yes nolan is best
2017 film based on war
i haven't seen the movie yet, but hear the action scenes are quite realistic.
must see, i suggest
why there are critics always criticizing
i think it will win some awards.
it might have, have to check google
its rating is 8.6 which is awesome
a 94 is a really good score considering metacritic is really hard on movies.
yup
i didn't know that it was shot on imax film.
what's that
imax screens are large screens in specialty theaters. they're like 3 stories tall.
imax 65 mm
oh...
will look after while, will read about it
how was harry styles? did you recognize him when you saw it?
no, i don't remember much
i like that they're making war pictures like this again.
yes, i too
did you think the movie was accurate to the history?
may be, but can't say with full confidence as have to look for history first
or have to read what nolan thought making this movie
the way i learned it in school, the british could have lost the war right there if they had been wiped out at dunkirk.
oh,
lucky one
who was your favorite actor from the cast?
the one who was shown in the train in the last scene.
they were fearing they might not be appreciated but opposite was peoples reaction
is it worth watching on streaming?
you should must watch in some good print.
u will love it
since you are more familiar with uk history, you will like it the most
but depends on your taste of genre
was there german submarines in it too? i love some u-boat action as well.
no, but air combat is shown from start to end
better watch than get the clue. lol
filming began in may 2016 and ended in sept. wow!!!
there's probably a lot of green screen and special effects that goes into a movie like this.
yes
lets finish conversation
i can see this option now
happy chatting
ok, nice talking to you.
hello
hi
i've never seen this movie, but looks to have some good actresses
i have seen it. it was very good, and yes the actresses were great. i can't believe rotten tomatoes gave it such a low score
that is quite low
i enjoy dark fantasy flicks, so i may enjoy this one
disney has been doing well with their live action movies on classic disney movies. and yes i do believe you'll like it if you like dark fantasy. it gives a new take on maleficent.
plus the visuals were amazing
i heard the visuals were great
disney really knows how to create some great visuals that's for sure lol
robert stromberg has done some good work
oh yeah, the moors, that forest.  i remember that
i'm not quite familiar with him. what other movies has he done?
he did the production design on avatar
and alice in wonderland
king henry says whoever kills maleficent will be named his successor and marry his daughter.
o i love those movies as well
the moors got turned into a dark kingdom after stefans betrayal.
hello?
have you seen zootopia?
no i haven't have you?
yes, i have i found it to be quite entertaining. it's animated so it's more geared toward children.
oh that's awesome. i like foxes and really like that it has a fox duo even though they are cons
i liked the scene when cheif bogo assigned her to parking duty, it is funny. do you intend to see this movie in the future?
ooops i did see it.. sorry i misunderstoof/ was thinking about a different movie. my family thoroughly enjoyed zootopia especially teaching that even a bunny can be a police officer! very funny and inspiring movie!
that is quite alright, i really enjoyed it as well. i was laughing more than i'd care to admit. the foxes were also great. do you agree with the ratings?
i always seem to get caught up in childrens movies especially when they are funny. yeah i think the ratings were right on at 98% and 8/10!
i also have to agree, i thought it was an original way to teach kids about stereotypes.
yes definitely! that is a good lessen for children to learn especially in this way!
what did you think about otterton going "savage"?
at that point in the movie, i wasn't really sure where they were headed but the mystery kept me watching.
did you enjoy the animated depiction of the crime boss, mr. big?
yeah i agree. it definitely took a few turns with that one! yes i thought he was a great character!
his limo was a very important part, don't you think?
the limo was a very important find for judy hopps.
what did you think the "night howlers" were?
yeah i thought so too! i really didn't have a clue until they showed it! it was somehwat suspenseful for a childrens movie, don't you think?
it had me on the edge of my seat, i also had no idea.
were you upset when lionheart was arrested?
yeah i didn't really like that part!
were you surprised about judy and nick teaming up?
i was very surprised that she was able to coerce him with her carrot pen.
i couldn't believe it was the flowers causing that effect! did you see that coming?
user 2 left the chat 6 minutes ago with no response.
hi
hey there.
how is movie
i don't know. i don't have the document with the movies name. what is the movie's title?
do you have the document?
avengers
characters are very interestings
ya i have document
oh cool! i really liked the first two movies.
really
is it the same cast of characters? iron man? thor? black widow? captain america?
missing hulk name
oh yeah! forgot about the hulk. does it say what the movie is going to be about? like the plot?
tony stark acting is very amazing
i agree! robert downey jr. is a good actor.
what is this new avengers movie about?
do u like him
i do.
me also
does the document describe who the enemy is?
s
who is that person
who is the enemy in the movie?
iloki
loki
ah i see! thor's brother. have you seen the first two films?
he is the leader of an chitauri
when will the movie be released?
ya i saw
2012
did it receive good reviews?
u also ah
the shape of water
hi!
hi
do you like romantic movies?
i'm not a big fan but i watch them sometimes.
what is this movie about?
this one is 2017 american fantasy drama
sounds interesting.
it is about a mute cleaner who works in a secret laboratory for the government
she falls in love with a strange creature
i like this type of stories
it has a great rating on rottent tomatoes
sounds like something i'll like to see. tell me more...
the critical responses to it was awesome
i don't usually go for the critics choice... i like to make my one opinnion
do they end up together?
do you choose movies based on the cast?
sometimes
who's pla ying in this one?
well, sally hawkins was the main actres
i liked her in paddington
i didn't watch this one
she's a good actress
but she is a good actress
is she the main character?
she is , she played the rule of elisa the mute cleaner
the movie was produced in 2017
do you want me to reveal a little spoiler
why not :)))
she kidnapped the creature and kept it in her bathtub
interesting
hello. what is the movie?
hey, t he movie we got is the imitation game
what is it about?
it is a biography of about alan turing, a british cryptanalyst who decrypted german intelligence codes during world war 2.
who is the lead actors?
the lead actors are benedict cumberbatch and keira knightley
do they successfully decrypt the code?
i am not sure if they successfully decrypt the code, i would assume so otherwise i doubt it would be as historically relevant.
okay. what kind of movie is it? thriller? drama? comedy?
it is a drama
any other known actors in it?
yeah, there is matthew goode and tom goodman-hill in the movie as well.
how long is the movie?
i am not sure how long the movie is, if i had to guess i'd say 2 hours.
what year was it released originally ?
it was originally released in 2014.
did it win any awards?
it doesn't mention winning any awards, however it has amazing reviews from different organizations.
can you tell me more about the reviews?
the film received a cinemascore of a+ as well as a rotten tomatoes review of 91%.
there are quite a few key scenes throughout the movie that are relevant  as well.
relevant to what?
to the story. one of them explains how the main character, alan turing is unhappy in his boarding school due to bullying. it is through that unhappiness that he found his interest in cryptography.
i 'm quite interested in the movie. anything else you want to tell me?
i don't want to give too much away, but there is a few points where characters are revealed as spys and release important information about the main character.
ph, spy. i love spy.
i do too. also, there are a lot of secrets within the movie about the main character as well that are incredibly important to the story.
but i can't say
how did it do in the box office?
i don't have any specifics, but based off the reviews of the film i would say very well.
what else do you know about the movie?
i know that it has been regarded as one of the most important stories of the last century.
who is the director?
there is some controversy however with the film, like some people are upset due to misrepresentation of facts and rearranging things to make a better story.
the director was morten tyldum.
is it because the lead character is gay?
i don't know if it has to due with him being gay, more so the order at which events were revealed misrepresented the work that turning did at bletchley park.
thanks. it's nice chatting with you.
you too!
great movie
hi.  97% on rotten tomatoes.  that's really good, must be pretty good
have you seen it?
steven spielberg is an excellent director as well.
have not
giant man eating shark attacking people makes for an entertaining watch
yeah
not much of a talker huh
probably wouldn't be good for kids though
that depends
i love richard dreyfus, didn't realize he was in it
of course the woman who is skinny dipping get's snagged first
closing the beaches, knee jerk reaction but probably a good idea
and of course they get greedy and want to pretend its a boating accident and not a shark attack
shark hunter over charging lol
bounty on the killer shark
do like this genre?4
it sounds like a good movie. it sounds like it is a good monsters inc successor.
i agree. i'm slightly disappointed by the rotten tomatoes score. then again, it is the first time that pixar has made a prequel film.
do you typically watch movies like monster's university?
typically no since i generally like to watch anime. but if the franchise is one i watched when i was a kid. then i usually will make a effort to see it.
and i agree those scores kinda seem rather low.
i understand. just by glancing at the ratings, do you think you'd make an effort to go see the prequel? or would the score discourage you from seeing the film?
id still see it despite bad reviews. i generally like to decide things by myself to see if i like it or not. like if 99% of people say its bad or good. i usually won't follow what i hear. i just go and experience it for myself. and then from there i usually say its cool or  say its bad.
makes sense. i typically only pay attention to the ratings when it's a director who i am familiar with. if i know that their work is usually phenomenal and a particular movie has awful ratings, i usually will wait to hear from friends/family before paying to see it.
also im a fan of comedy movies. so i'll probably enjoy for the memes and jokes.
ya same.
comedy movies are always a must see in my book.
and if im being honest, pixar usually makes good movies so i have good expectations. illumination movies is what im " iffy" about.
i love that monster's university has a fraternity involved. even more so love it because they call it roar omega roar.
mike is 7???? what in the...i never knew that.
ya that name is great.
he's only seven when he goes on the field trip. he goes to college eleven years later. so he'd be eighteen.
i misread that at first too.
ahhh i see well that clears that up.
looks like this movie is pretty heavily based on cartoon fraternities.
yep
i find it odd that pixar has a scene in this movie where sulley tampers with the machine to get better scores. doesn't really promote the whole 'fair play' imagine to their age demographic.
oozma kappa. i can't believe they threw a kappa meme in there.
every movie with a fraternity/sorority always contains 'kappa.' ever notice that?
ya. its pretty much a dead meme.
am i slow for thinking hardscrabble was male until this passage? lol
wonder what cda stands for in this movie. clearly, it's some form of an enforcer but what type of enforcer does a monster have?
idk maybe to make sure they are scary enough.
nope! i thought the same. i think it was because there was no gender context to go off of in the last paragraph.
yeah probably.
well it sounds like a safe movie for the kids.
no, i don't think it's to make sure they're scary enough... the cda has to be some form of a cop as they are removing them off campus due to their expulsion from the university.
although i  expect a few hidden adult jokes cause college and fraternity makes me think they slip one or two in there.
ah i see that would make sense.
i agree. i was skeptical about the cheating portion of the movie as that doesn't coincide  with a kids film and what you'd want to teach the kids at this age level but they do bring in negative reinforcers for the monster's actions,.
true. movies these days are getting so caught up in formulaic tropes that kids pick up on them.
i hope the movie stays fresh and a bit unpredictable.
keep the kids on their toes.
one can only hope.
and still be smart enough to let the parents enjoy it.
a 79% on a kids movie doesn't seem too bad in my opinion after reading the key scenes.
thats why past pixar films in my opinion were so good. and still seem better than movies today.
thats true. i think overall it sounds like a good movie.
hi, do you think this movie deserved a 92% rotten tomatoes score? that seems awfully high.
it's hard to say, they are usually my go to website for reviews but its rare you see a score in the 90% area.
i have noticed that too! i love octavia spencer in anything she does.
i don't know much of her work but i am a big fan of guillermo del toro
and it seems the critics had alot to say on this film as well !
i'll have to check out his other films. i am impressed that a movie about a humanoid amphibian creature could be described as "elegant and mesmerizing".
that is quite the compliment indeed,  i have yet to see the it but i definitely plan too. are you a fan of drama films?
i really love drama films, but i try to stay away from fantasy. i liked this one, though.
the acting by michael shannon and octavia spencer was impressive.
hi, how are you?
good how about you
have you ever seen jaws?
no i haven't. is it good?
it is amazing. it's about a man trying to save his beach side town from a crazy shark
what about la la land? have you seen that?
would you say it has a happy ending to it?
i haven't seen la la land either. which one would you recommend?
yes. they kill the shark and get to relax and be happy in the end
aw man, spoilers haha
honestly i would recommend jaws. it's such a great classic movie
why not la la land? do you not like it?
what genre is la la land?
la la land is ok but it doesn't compare to the action of jews. i give it a 7.8 whereas jaws is a 9.1
la la land is a musical romantic comedy
hmm, you might have to convince me a little more about jaws just because i already know the ending. since you said la la land is a romantic comedy, is there any romance in jaws?
and is la la land based on a real story?
no. jaws has little romance
hi
what is the name of the movie?
bruce almighty
what is the movie about
the movie is about a tv reporter who complains about gods presence in his life guidance and so is offered the chance to do his job for one week
that sounds interesting.
it is a well written comedy, have you seen it?
it features an all star cast of jim carrey, jennifer aniston, morgan freeman, lisa ann walker and phillip baker hall.
not the whole thing just bits and pieces.
i like comedies with jim carrey in them
i have seen even almighty it similar to that one?
me too!
i am not sure i at liberty to disclose that lol?
re: the rules
ok
but  i will tell you a little more about the movie
ok that would be great
i keep meaning to watch it but seem to always forget
so carreys character, bruce nolan, is a reporter. hardworking, but not very successful. he has a lot of bad luck and reaches his limit when his co worker receives a promotion over him
he then starts his complaints to god who ends up responding with the proposition that gives him his powers
so its like walk in someone else's shoes to see what they have to deal with.
more as in "why god leaves some prayers unanswered"
oh ok
bruce starts responding with yeses to all the prayers he receives, and as you can imagine that's were a lot of the conflict and comedy come in to play
i enjoy comedy that is funny but has a good story line.
oh yea this one definetly has both and then the story to with jennifer annistons character as well
would you recommend this movie?
oh yea
from what you have said about bruce almighty it seems like a very good movie.
i actually forgot about it, and how well written it is now that i really think about it
its a bit of a tear jerker too lol
i am looking forward to adding it to my list of movies to watch.
i like feel good movies but do cry easy during movies that are tear jerkers.
i would add this one, its worth watching
i hope my movie store has it.
also seems to be a bit of a classic especially with it being jim carrey
or i will have to find someone that does.
i have netflix i will check there
thank you for telling me about this movie i appreciate it.
you still have a movie store lol which one??
family video
its the only one in town
i don't believe netflix has it, but worth checking
also red box..
oh yes, we have one too i forgot about that
oh yeah i forgot about red box
they should have it, again it is a classic
either of them might and youre welcome!
i hope you enjoy it as much as i did!
hi
hello. have you seen this movie?
yes, i've watched the wolf of wall street.
how about you?
i have not. do you agree with the rating of the move listed?
yes.
i agree with the rating of this movie.
for me the movie is average. nothing special.
78% is still a good rating.
do you think that leo dicaprio portrayal of jordan was a good performance?
yeah, i think so. but dicaprio is not for comedy  movie, in my opinion.
was the movie very funny?
i wasn't sure what the genre " black comedy" referred to
there are some scene that it is funny, example is when dicaprio is scamming other people.
so it took place in the past, 1987?
yes, it took place on 1987.
you can ask me more about the movie. don't be shy.
do you generally watch " black comedy" type of movies?
no, honestly this is the only kind of black movie that i've watched.
i mean black comedy.
did you think the characters were dull?
when it comes to acting skills, i think they are not dull. most of them are good actors.
based on the paragraph , it sounds like jordan was really smart to pull off the scheme that he did
22 million in 3 hours is crazy
are you there?
hi there!
hello, have you seen monsters university?
hi
this movie is about how facebook got started by mark zuckerberg, it's called "the social network". interesting to watch because it's based on real events.
i have heard of that movie before
although i haven't watched it before
it was more popular than the book it was based on, the accidental billionaires, probably because it's a tale of sex, money, and betrayal. stuff we can all identify with
oh that is really interesting
it makes it sound more intriguing than before
have you seen it
yes, we've all heard of facebook, but the story of how it got started is pretty surprising. i didn't believe everything i saw in the movie, but it held my interest
i think sometimes they add information to movies just to keep the audience entertained
which is understandable because you don't want a boring movie
i had no idea it was a book thogh
no doubt, it is a drama. zuckerberg and the current staff weren't involved in making the movie, it has a kind of dark irony, but one of the founders, eduardo saverin, was consulted by the book's author.
i am sure there is information that they didn't want to leak in the movie and even the book
so would you recommend seeing this movie? it a couple of years old if not older.
yes, it's an engaging look at that time period when websites were just getting started. some of the lawsuits that came out of those beginnings might still be on going.
i believe it. i remember reading about the lawsuits when they were filed. i think they have great lawyers to protect themselves though...
the film starts in 2003 when zuckerberg was a 19 year old student at harvard. he actually created a campus website called facemash that allowed users to rate the attractiveness of photos of female students.
that is a really good overall description for someone who wants a synapse  of the movie.
oh, that's just the beginning. that website was so popular it got the attention of the winklevoss twins, who were upper class men who made a dating website exclusive to harvard.  so the origins of the idea for the site are kind of vague
is the company protected by a patent or some kind of legal documents?
i don't know, but zuckerberg was given 6 months academic probation for hacking into college databases and crashing the harvard computer network. so he's aware of what kind of damage a rogue programmer can do.
as a programmer i could see the damage that can be done by hacking into databases and networks.
damage was bound to happen in this situation
so you also know that programming knowledge doesn't necessarily translate to business smarts. it's when zuckerberg gets hooked up with napster co-founder sean parker that the business really starts to take off
i had totally forgotten about using napster. i use to always use it. had no idea he co-f ounded it.
there were other social networks before the facebook, too, which is what zuckerberg called it while expanding the site to yale, columbia, and stanford. i liked napster, too, and had a myspace account.  but that all changed after parker suggested they drop 'the' and move facebook to palo alto.
i i also had a myspace account but haven't logged in roughly  2 years.
been a while for me, too.  parker ended up sharing a house in palo alto with zuckerberg, leaving his partner saverin in new york to work on "business development". meanwhile they were developing plans for the business in california to make a billion dollar company.
that is crazy. to have potentially in a company to make a billion dollar company is mind blowing
well, saverin and the winklevoss twins tried to keep their interests in the company. the film is intercut with scenes from their depositions in the cases against zuckerberg. they eventually settled out of court because zuckerberg's defense thinks he will appear unsympathetic to a jury.
well if he wasn't going to seem unsympathetic  than maybe it was the best choice for the defense
no doubt, the film has lots of sordid details about the founding and the callous attitude zuckerberg had towards his collaborators. but the end, when he's sending a friend request, is when it get's really weird.
ugh i hate endings that either leave cliff hangers or just ends with no explanation of the future events
i hear you. this ending has to deal with a world where superman is absent, and after every one leaves, the dirt on top of clark's coffin starts rising into the air. how about that!
thanks!
hello!
hello so the movie we will be talking about is batman v. superman
great! i haven't actually seen that yet, but have been really wanting to. which actors play batman and superman?
the actors are really great and you probably know all of them. ben affleck , henry cavill, amy adams, and jesse eisenberg to name a few.
oh, that is a great cast? henry cavill played superman in the latest superman film right?
sorry, a great cast!
i am not sure but the film is still a part of the dc extended universe. also it will be featuring wonder woman.
ooh, that is excellent. i am looking forward to seeing wonder woman! are batman and superman enemies at the start of the film?
well lex luthor manipulates batman into a battle with superman because he is obssessed with cloning superman.
oh! so batman is supposed to bring superman to lex luthor?
no that is not the case however he is manipulated into helping. by the way did i mention this is going to be the first time batman and superman are in a movie together?
really? the first time? that seems pretty amazing knowing that the characters have been around for so long! very cool. is the story set in metropolis or gotham?
the film appears to take place in both cities, and batman comes to view superman as a threat to humanity.
that is interesting, to have the film set in both cities. so batman sees it as his duty somewhat to take superman down?
well the relationships of the characters are quite complex because clark kent a.k.a. superman learns of batman's justice methods and tries to expose him. all this happening while lex luthor makes moves to get approval to obtain kryptonite from a senator.
interesting. and so, i imagine lois lane is in this story? if so, does she serve a greater purpose? does she know both superheroes?
maybe but i am not sure. by the way do you usually care about reviews?
i will often read reviews to see what people have to say, but i don't change my mind about wanting to see a movie based on reviews. i think that i can't really know unless i see for myself. do you care about reviews?
not usually i like to be my own judge however if the reviews are overwhelmingly bad or good then it may influence whether or not i watch in theatres. i have to say for this movies though the reviews are quite mixed.
did you enjoy this film?
i did. i really liked seeing the scenes where batman manages to subdue the superman.
cool. i guess that's one of the ultimate questions, which one could beat out the other. do they team up at all in the film ?
yes in batman chooses to save supermans mother while superman confonts lex.
oh wow! the pairing of batman and superman's mom is a really cool part of the story, heartwarming.
i know but the film ends with sadly the death of superman.
oh wow! i am surprised by that, i thought they would keep their story line going for another movie or two.
dont worry the dirt on top of the coffin vibrates a nice wink from the director.
haha! that's the closing shot?!
i believe so it is in the last scene.
awesome! take care.
hello! do you like superhero movies?
yes. batman begins! i think this a great batman film. have you seen it?
yes, i have. christian bale is my favorite batman so far.
do you usually check the ratings of movies before you see them?
i usually do. but the rating dose not determine whether i will watch the movie or not
the film has several great big name actors, which is another reason i like this one and would watch it based on the actors alone
i agree, there are quite a few great actors in batman begins. i like liam neeson too, even though he is one of the villains.
seeing the potential for great actors together on a big screen defiantly gets my interest. along with super heros and villans.  a good  rating does help me feel like i will not waste my time watching something awful
but the same time will not deter me from a film if i am just into the genre
i personally prefer good ratings. even if a movie has many good actors, if it's rated poorly, i usually won't watch it in theaters.
i'm not sure if i agree with the metacritic score of 70/100, though.
the 84% on rotten tomatoes seems more accurate.
i will generally have enough patience to wait for a film to be released on dvd/video if the rating turn me off.
what did you think of the bat scene in the movie?
i felt that scene shows the story of this film well, and is thought out.
i wonder if there was a better place for the bats besides a dry well, though.
batman as a child was good step by the filmm aker to show how his life started out
because this movie is called batman begins, i agree that it was appropriate to show bruce's beginnings.
i think it's ironic that the mugger's name is joe chill, but he isn't  chill if he murders people.
unlikely yes, i think they were going for a mysterious beginning to show how batman came to be.  but still want to leave some mystery as he still develops a phobia to   the bats
very ironic. mr chill is more of a bone  chilling murderer.
he is also murdered too, so at least he gets what he deserves.
he got whats coming to him. but  bruce dosent get to murder him so i think that leaves him wanting revenge
i think it helps to establish that bruce will not directly murder anyone. even when he burns down the league of shadows, he doesn't directly kill ra's al ghul.
injustice should be not be used as a reason to murder, in any case.
i feel hes lucky become part of the league of shadows, and to purge his fear of bats. this key part i think is pretty lucky break for him. as he is doing jail time in a foreign country.
it is strange that his family could afford a butler but he goes to prison for stealing...
i really like gary oldman as gordon. he plays a good cop really well.
what did you think of the scarecrow scenes?
the scarecrow was particularly scary character. trying to poison the water supply
and batman was poisoned with the fear-inducing drugs, i thought it was over for him.
it appeared to be over for many characters in this movie at different points, yeah.
i was surprised when the real ra's al ghul showed himself, too. the league of shadows doesn't die easily.
he seems to have otherworldy power after surviving his past experiences
hello.
hello
lets talk about a movie from steven spielberg. :d
yes !
the post seemed like a great movie i never got the chance to see it did you ?
i never got to watch it either my friend lol
sometimes, spielberg makes these movies that are not very adventure related... i love spielbergs work if theyre going to be adventure movies.
haha after reading this though i'm interested in seeing it
lets see now.
i see you prefer adventure related movies instead of historical drama
i don't know, it feels like bridge of spies kind of vibe.
i mean i do like those types of movies but when it comes to spielberg, you got to bring in the adventure.
its supposed to be his trademark honestly.
anyways yeah.
this seem to be a very interesting movie to say the least.
haha i see he is a very versatile director though
it does great cast behind it too
i have have an interest in the vietnam war
well of course hahaha.
i have too!
the ratings for the movie seem appropriate for a spielberg movie.
and how the soldiers were treated back home was terrible
i can't quite remember how the media portrayed them
they do
very terrible...
i am not a fan of meryl streep though.
one of the greatest but just too perfect for me lol.
yes :(
me too! i mean i've never really seen her movies
hahaha
but she is heavily praised
yeah but when it comes to oscars... she is always there. you can always see her... old woman, give space to the youngins! hahahaha
haha she's a legend
that's what they say
honestly though might watch the post after this
big tom hanks fan
hahaha
i know.
hey hey.
im a big tom hanks fan too!!!
haha i just went on a movie binge with his classics
remember in saving private ryan, captain miller saying "earn this!" to a young matt damon... hahahahaha
that cracked me up honestly. it great acting but it sounded funny. anyways, different movie haha. i would definitely watch this movie again.
i haven't seen private ryan i need too i just became a big fan like 2 months ago
say whaaaaat!
watch both movies!
i will though because of you!
anyways thanks and good bye! habe a good one haha.
next ?
have*
youre welcome haha.
bye! you too!
hi
hi
zootopia have u see this movie
hello
hi@
hi. can you tell me the name of the movie?
it's mean girls.
have you seen it?
no i have not. is it about girls?
yes. and those girls are mean
it's a 2004 film that is an american teen comedy film written by tina fey
do you know the rating of the movie?
what i know is that rotten tomatoes named it in its "top 50 greatest teen comedies".
so it was received pretty well.
is it something you could take a child to see?
i guess it depends on your style of parenting and how old they are. the movie does have sexual references and (i think) cursing.
but that's to be expected in a teen comedy film.
do you know if it won any major awards?
it was praised as being "comic gold".
that sounds pretty good. do you know if tina fey has written any other movies?
i'm not sure but she has been highly praised for this film. lindsay lohan as cady heron was the main character.
i don't want to get bored. do you know how long the movie is?
the movie is pretty long but just a normal length.
john wick is a good action movie, do you agree?
hey there\
yes i am agree
i love action movies
me too.
there were some russian mobsters in the movie.
he came out of retirement when his wife got killed.
yes
the critics gave it a 86% score.  that's pretty good for an action movie.
that was rotten tomatoes.  metacritic gave it a 68/100
yeah i saw that
i watched movies with better score
it said his wife died but gave him the puppy.  so his vengeance was for the theft of his car and the death of his puppy.
yeah but it was not a logical story
nobody have a vengeance for their puppy got killed
do you watch the climax
it is what they call neo-noir.  i guess that means it is not supposed to make sense because it is an altered reality.
yes i watched the whole movie.
i watched some scenes
the idea was that he was a hit man who retired so he could hand out with his wife.
but now whole movie
oh that's nice
sorry hang out.
a retired hit man
so his wife got the puppy and then she died of natural causes or di sease or something.
so that's movie with lots of action
oh that's too bad
so he find he whoever did that
she got him the puppy, then after she died they killed his puppy and stole his car.
yes  that's what the movie is about.  the russian mobster's son did it.
so what will happen in climax?
so he just went to kill that guy and in order to do it he had to go through a lot of russian mobsters.
let me check if they have that info.
sorry i didn't watch the whole film
at the end he was able to go to iosef's safe house and kill him.
oh interesting
k bro lets finish the chat
he also killed the dad because the dad was mad that his son died and tried to kill him.
thank you for your valuable time to chat with me
good bye
ok you think we have enough then.
ok.
ok bro
shall we continue?
do you like we can
yeah i have fifteen thanks.
okay and on .. on the weekends what do you do on a weekend?
okay okay and what about hobbies in general? your hobbies?
okay
before start sending your kid to school have you ever taught him for example parents may teach their kids one or two words for example give me a kiss or something like that so what did you use to tell him? what did you teach him? in english or in arabic? and why?
okay okay regarding reading you said that you like reading which quote do you like the most or is always on your mind?
okay okay would you tell us about .. about a book that you have read or the last book you have read? or any book that you have read? which thing do you remember the most?
okay okay do you generally listen to english songs or arabic ones?
what was your bachelor about? the bachelor project was about what?
okay okay was it your dream job to work as a teacher assistant ta at the university or what was on your mind?
you told me that you have traveled before in .. in africa right?
have you traveled to another place?
okay what is it you remember the most? the most .. the most place you have been to and the most place you have seen and you liked so much that you still remember till now and you will never forget?
okay when you traveled did you make friends i mean did you make friends?
what is the most prominent moment that you felt was a turning point in your life in general since long time ago?
okay what was the change in your personality or i mean i mean before before it and after it.
okay there is .. there is a question that i want to read to you as it is because we are teaching in general would you rather be loved or respected?
would you like people to deal with you and do something for you because they like you or because they have to .. they have to respect you
okay well and why why do you feel that people come and easily talk to you?
do you face such situations?
or do you feel ..
okay .. when .. do you feel difficulty when talking to people from a different social level? lower or higher?
okay well that .. that is to .. impress the other or to make him feel that i can speak this language
well are there other situations where you spoke in english to show others that you understand but actually you are talking about a topic that you do not understand well?
i mean because some people may use this way to hide
for example all of us have done that in .. in evaluation of for example projects
i can keep talking while i do not even understand
what do you like the most about your character? in your way?
okay can you live without a mobile?
well  can you choose anything and convince me with it? anything for example i'm i'm met like you were met choose for example to .. to .. to work for example ta or to go for a company? anything and convince me with it
you convinced me, you convinced me because i was thinking of that
merci merci
okay can can you tell us where were you born?
or or did you go to national or international school your education generally?
okay what was your major or the university, it's not important the name of the university itself, what is your major i mean you study scope?
okay and what was your bachelor project?
can you tell us what do you do in your day when you wake up in the morning?
your daily routine
i mean your daily routine generally how does your day go where do you go you drive the kids you go to work something like that.
okay
okay what was the most quote that you have read that you like or which is remarkable for you quote?
is there any piece of quote that you like in general?
okay well okay well who is your favorite artist? which artist do you like watching the most or reading for generally?
is there somebody .. in a certain thing .. is there any specific person or is there not?
okay okay sport?
favorite sport?
okay  okay so when you were at the university in general were you enrolled in clubs or were you in scout or anything of that sort?
okay well can you tell us what the role was about and which department you were in, for instance which project were you working on and so on?
okay well okay do you like listening to english or arabic songs?
which movie do you like most?
nothing?
okay
okay
okay do you you have kids or so?
okay  okay
which job do you want to have?
did you wish to have another job?
or what was your dream job generally back at the university and back at school?
okay
why?
okay
what if one day, let's suppose that it can happen, which is not applicable, what if you choose to be a student again would you do that or would you still prefer that you have passed such phase.
i mean many said before that they do not like that they yes it was more comfortable and easier but we do not want to go back to being students
do you still talk and interact together or when yo return back?
in this trip, what were you doing?
master's for example or?
okay okay well can can you tell us about your phd can we hear about it?
okay no problem
okay okay is there a place you want to travel to apart from for example germany that you have already visited or have you traveled another trip?
is there a place that you haven't yet visited and would like to go to?
okay why is that?
are there reasons?
are there reasons for that?
okay
okay okay can you tell us about your last trip to egypt or so where have you gone to?
what did you do?
i mean briefly
okay
do you like the place there or what have you visited for example?
okay
okay but there is definitely a time or moment that made you change your mind or change for example for example your university major
you changed something that made you think differently
have you faced something like that or was life moving smoothly
okay
okay so a tough question is there a main role model role model in your life?
someone in specific?
okay
okay
okay i will read the question as it is in a class or in general would you rather be liked or respected?
okay do you feel like you are an easy person to talk to or not?
okay
do you feel it is difficult to deal with people from different social level?
higher or lower
do you feel the situation
do you not feel like when we're talking to people from a lower social level that you are not talking in the same way you would use with other people for example?
so he may not understand me if i talk in english or if i said anything he would not understand me
or do you know how to deal with it immediately that once the person i'm talking to does not understand i will talk to him normally?
okay okay
okay
i do not understand
okay okay what's the primal thing that makes you stressed?
you get stressed when it happened?
okay how do you handle such a situation?
okay okay did it happen before that while you were talking to someone or for instance when you were a student during an evaluation or so you were talking about a topic that you don't understand well so you were talking in english or alternating languages or showing the other person that you understand well?
so you used to do that?
almost all of us
okay and how did the other person react?
so he believed that you understand well or did he keep pressuring you with questions and no but how and so on?
okay okay did you do the same just to make others feel that is to impress others?
i mean if there is for example actually there was someone who said that he did so at at school for a school interview to be able to to enroll his son to school so he had to speak english in the interview and so on?
so did you need to do that to make the other people get impressed or something of that sort?
okay
well, can you do without a mobile?
why?
okay
okay that's it okay merci.
okay that's it
okay would you .. would you please tell us about your background for example where were you born and what did you study .. i studied at .. where and so on, it's not important to mention the school name but is it international school, national, what was the language? and so on
okay where are you originally from? from cairo or not from ..?
okay okay what is your bachelor about?
okay okay what is your .. is your favorite sport the one you play the most.
okay okay how often do you play basketball?
in general how long have you been playing?
okay what is the most movie favorite movie you like? and why? or can you please briefly tell us about it
okay would you please tell us briefly about it .. if you like
okay
would you like most to be a freelancer or to work in a field that you like?
okay okay  have you done before  internships or have you worked before a part-time or full-time job or anything of that sort?
okay
why is that? why did you accept that opportunity?
would you please tell us about .. about .. about the one you liked the most and the one where you did many activities it is not necessary to be the last one
the most place i did activities in was aswan
okay
okay
okay do you like reading?
okay okay  could you tell us about for example about certain time in your life when you feel that it is a turning point or made you think in a different way not .. you were doing something or thinking or something and you suddenly completely change your mind
okay  in your part-time job that you were doing or in the internships or in the university do you much prefer to work on a team or to work individually and to be in charge of everything?
okay well and .. how to be a team leader and how to encourage the team and that they should be .. if someone was okay with working then he failed to continue, how should i encourage him?
you mean if i have another role model in real life?
do you prefer that people do you a favor because they like you or because they have to respect you as they believe that they do this because they respect you?
good
do you that you are an easy person to talk with and to have a friendly talk with or you need ice breaking for some time?
why?
so people don't talk with you easily and don't get used to you.
okay
even if you don't interact with people in an education context, you will meet in an event or something.
okay
well okay
what they usually tell you that he always does this
for example, you don't sit with us.
okay and have you .. used english in the middle of your speech so that people in front of you .. you .. think that okay you're in a higher social level definitely?
okay.what makes you very stressful?
okay, well  you can choose anything and persuade us to do.
anything, anything like traveling or working.
for example, we are here at the .. university and we haven't traveled abroad so why did you travel abroad?
persuade me as i was not convinced to travel abroad.
no.
because they .. didn't pay what other people paid to learn
they didn't exert the same effort that other people had exerted to learn.
yes, the play it and they like it but at the end they got paid more than other people that really worked hard in education so this is what affects the future.
i can't say because it depends on work, field and position.
no, definitely i don't know.
of course one like a manager team for example an engineer will earn a better salary than anyone else who's having a different job.
for example
international laugh
okay thank you
okay can you tell us? where were you born? or where are you from?
where did you study? what was your education?
okay did you go to a national or an international school?
okay, what's your major at university?
what do you study in general?
tell us about your study.
okay, when did you choose your major?
when did you decide that you want computer science?
are you a member of clubs or scout or anything like a service organization and what are their objectives?
what do you do there?
well okay what's your favorite movie?
okay.
okay.
have you worked before part-time or full-time or have you attended an internship or something?
can you tell us about it?
when did you feel that this was a turning point that made you think differently now?
why did you feel that you weren't able to continue in architecture and that you decided to change?
okay
can you tell us about your role models in everything?
for example, you see this person as a role model in a certain field.
and another role model in a another field
no problem with that
this is normal.
is there anything else?
do you have any other role model in another fields?
do you feel that it's difficult to deal with people of a different social level maybe in a higher or a lower level?
okay well  what do you like the most about yourself? your way? your personality?
how do people see you as a weird person?
what makes you very stressed?
and how do you handle this?
okay well have you ever spoken about a topic that you didn't understand so you decided to speak english and to speak in a sophisticated way to show that you really understood everything.
okay
okay can you live without a mobile?
why? how? and everything?
okay, here's the last question, do you want to choose anything or try to choose anything to persuade us with?
anything, anything like traveling or working.
how so?
okay, alright
okay, thank you
okay  at first, can you tell us about your education? where were you born? where are you from? where were you living when you were at school then university and so on?
okay and .. and why did you choose that major in general? and .. why do you like this education? what did you learn, for example? and .. and what's your bachelor project now?
okay the second question was  what's the topic of your bachelor project?
okay can you tell us about any activities that you do such as student activities or scout or .. or clubs or anything and what was the target of doing it and what did you do what was the role .. what was your role and what projects did you work on?
do you like listening arabic or english songs?
okay well  have you ever thought when you will .. will be having kids, will you enroll your kids in a national or an international school?
what would you start teaching them when they are still young .. once they start talking?
okay well  what .. what is your dream job? what do you want work after you finish university?
okay, can you tell us about  a part-time or full-time that you have worked before or any internships that you have attended? how did you do that?
okay .. what's your favorite place that you still remember and you will never forget? i mean what's the scene that you liked the most here or abroad outside egypt? a place that you liked the most and you will never forget.
okay well  if you had the chance to live abroad  or to travel abroad for a scholarship or a job, would prefer traveling abroad or staying here?
okay  which situation when you felt that it was a turning point in your life that you started thinking differently after that?
okay do you consider yourself an easy person to talk with or that people can easily break the ice with you or .. they need time to get along with you?
you don't know how to speak or you may feel that you want to change your way of speaking?
okay  what quality do you feel that you have in your character? what quality do you feel that it's weird about you or what quality people feel that it's weird about you?
okay well  have you ever tried speaking english expressions with somebody about a topic that you don't understand to show that you understand everything?
can you live without a mobile?
here's the last question  choose anything to persuade us to do, anything.
anything, anything like traveling or working.
okay well thank you.
okay we can start by telling us where you are from?
and where were you born?
what was your education? was it a national or international school?
arabic or english?
what does it mean by your background.
okay you were majored in computer engineering .. what did you study?
and why .. why did you choose this major?
what about your bachelor? can you tell us about your bachelor project? what was your bachelor project? what did you do?
what's going in your mind now?
okay well do you like listening to english or arabic songs?
okay well do you like reading?
absolutely.
of course, the next question is about whether you have a favorite book or a story about a book that you like.
okay
as far as i think you aren't married, right?
okay.
one day which school would you choose for your children a national or an international school?
which one would you prefer?
what would you like them to learn?
which words do people teach to their kids to let them know these words?
if you're in their shoe, which word would you teach them?
will you teach them english?
will you teach them arabic?
which words would you like your child to learn?
like for example, words like a kiss and things like that.
people use english in this context.
what would you like to use?
the question is as would you rather be liked or respected?
okay well
okay can you tell us about your part-time or full-time job or about the internships that you attended when you were a student at university?
have you traveled before?
okay well
okay can you tell us? where have you traveled to?
what's the most remarkable landscape or scene that you've seen and you will never forget and you will always remember? what's the best place that you have ever seen?
did you make friends when you traveled abroad?
if yes, are you still in contact with them or not at all?
okay is there any place that you want to see?
a place you really want to visit.
okay if you had the chance to travel abroad for a job or a scholarship, would you leave your work here and leave your life to travel abroad or you would say no, i want to stay here and not to travel?
can you tell us about you last vacation in egypt?
what was the last place you visited? what did you do there? what did you see there? which activities did you do? did you stay in a hotel?
you should say the name but can you tell us what it is and what his way was that you feel that you want.
okay well do you consider yourself an easy person to talk with or people find it difficult to break the ice with you?
or you need two or three days for ice breaking so that they can talk to you or it's easier than this?
okay do you find any difficulties when you deal with people of a different social level?
do you feel that you need to change your way?
okay so which character do you feel that you cannot deal with? i don't mean which person, but which character or personality you cannot get along with?
weren't you forced to mention sophisticated expressions during evaluations at university to make the ta feel that you understand everything so you will pass the project and the evaluation?
okay can you live without a mobile?
the last question is to choose anything and persuade us with?
anything
anything, teaching, a specific sport, anything.
okay merci
at first, can you tell us who you are?
where were you born?
did you learn at a national or an international school?
i mean your background in general?
what was your major at university?
and at what point did you choose this major?
why did you choose it?
okay can you tell us about the topics of your study?
what was your bachelor project about? how was it?
what does it discuss? what was the story of the book?
which quote do you like from a book or anything?
okay.when you will be having kids in the future, which school will you enroll your kids in a national or an international school?
which language will you go for; english, french or german? and why?
why did you choose this in particular?
which life do you prefer; working life or university life?
and if you got the choice or if you imagined that you would be a student again, would you like this or not?
can you tell us about your experiences with traveling abroad?
how long have you been there? where have you been to?
what do you remember the most? it's so most remarkable scene there and you will never forget this place?
okay and .. did you make friends when you're abroad? and are you still in touch? or you are no longer in contact?
okay is there .. any place you want to visit?
is there .. any place you want to visit?
okay, can you tell us? if you had the chance to travel abroad for a job or a scholarship but i think studying will not be interesting for you, would you travel abroad for a job or a scholarship or you would stay here?
i will read you the question as it is; would you rather be liked or respected?
whether in class or in general do you like people do you a favor because they like you or because they have to or they respect you?
can you mention a situation in an evaluation or at university or anywhere else when you talked about a topic that you didn't understand so you have to say sophisticated expressions and speak english just to show yourself and to pass this evaluation or this meeting actually?
okay when you did that in the interviews or evaluations at university, what was the reaction of the person in front of you?
did he believe you?
okay the last question is to choose anything and try to persuade him with? anything you want
okay well merci
thank you
okay can you .. you tell us first about your background?
where were you born? where are you from?
have you learned at a national or international school? english or arabic?
your background in general
okay what was your study about at university? what was your major?
why did you choose this major? or when ..? what .. what is this major i mean? when did you choose this?
okay when did you choose computer science?
when did you say or feel that you want to do this?
okay how was your study?
what do you study in the computer? hardware? software? how is it?
what is your bachelor project about? can you tell us about it?
okay  if you will be having children in the future, would you like to be enrolled in a national or an international school? which language would you like them to learn; english, french or deutsch?
which language would you like your children to speak it fluently?
have you traveled abroad before?
can you tell us? where have you been? .. how long have you stayed there? or .. what's the place that you remember that you liked it very much and that you wanted to go there once more because you really liked the landscape there?
when you traveled abroad, did you make friends? if yes, are you still in contact?
okay which place do you really want to visit?
why did you choose europe especially why didn't you choose america? why .. why .. is there anything specific you wanted to see there?
okay okay if you had the chance to travel abroad for a job or a scholarship, would you leave your work here or you would stay here because you hate traveling in general??
okay can you tell us about the best trip in egypt that you really liked the most? you can mention a place that you have visited in egypt where you had a great time there doing many activities .. and it was interesting.
i will read you the question as it is; would you rather be liked or respected?
you like people when they work with you ..
okay why? can you tell me why you don't like the idea that he made this for you because he liked you so he's going to make whatever you liked?
why you'd like to be respected more than anything else?
do you feel that it's difficult to deal with people of a different social level? do you feel that you can't deal with them? do you feel that you want to choose a way that they can understand? do you want to change your words or you speak spontaneously?
have you ever been in that situation in an evaluation at university or something and you were asked to talk about a topic that you didn't really understand so you would start mentioning sophisticated expressions in english okay so that the person in front of you would feel that you understand everything? have you tried this before?
and what was his reaction? he believed this or he decided to ask you more questions to know whether you understand or not?
okay well  can you live without a mobile?
how so and you can do everything on your mobile? how can you contact with people?
okay, here's the last question. can you choose anything and persuade us with? anything like studying masters, traveling abroad or anything else that you want to persuade us with?
i haven't told you what my project discusses. supposedly, you don't know what my project is about so when i explain it to you, you'll be able to know whether my project is useful or useless?
yes, i didn't read as much papers as i read so i knew how this influenced people?
this project is like a personality test that you can do or you can know how the person in front of you acts through it. this will influence the way .. you see the person in front of you and how he acts according to the way of speaking? so research-wise, this is so wide; it's not limited at all.
okay, you're the one who should convince me not i am the one.
for me, i do believe that my project is important.
you may be convinced but you don't say anything.
you kept asking me questions but i see that's it's important so you weren't convinced and you didn't say anything that i .. can be convinced?
plus this project will be used for  .. if the agencies take a lot of money from you to take something you need from you at work. i will make an application to convert the text into an audio or convert an audio into a text without paying anything because the application will be available.
so i think that this would save money for you and that you can study people.
did he think that you got convinced or not?
merci
okay, shall we start by telling us about your background?
where were you born? where are you from?
did you go to a national or an international school?
english or arabic
the background in general
okay
what's the .. the major that you are studying at university.
when did you choose this major? when did you feel that you will go for this major?
what did you study? mainly .. mainly what was your education about?
what do you learn at university?
and .. can you tell us about your bachelor project?
are you married?
okay, well in general would you love to enroll your children to a national or an international school?
which first language would you like them to learn; french, english or german? which one do you like most?
which words are you going to teach them first? i mean which language will you use to teach them the .. the .. the basic words? what were .. they, for example?
but when we asked people, most of them said that working life is a daily routine in a very different way .. but when you were a student, you had your free time for three months and you don't do anything except for doing whatever you want.
so actually working life may be better for you but how do you feel when it comes to the daily routine as you get up every day to go to work then you go back home, have some rest, eat then sleep to wake up early to go to work?
can you tell us if you have ever worked a part-time, full-time job or if you have attended any internships when you were a student? how was it in general? have you worked .. what was your duties .. in the internship or at work?
okay, well which place did you like the most in egypt, in general? would you like to visit this place one more time because you liked how the place looked like that you liked the environment there or the .. the .. the nature there and things like that?
okay okay which time did you feel that it's a turning point in your life that you used to think in certain way and then you started to think about the opposite thing or something totally different. you were %bt .. you decided to enroll in this major or to join another university and you totally changed your mind.
what happened .. what's the point that happened then .. how did it change your personality?
do you feel that you want to change your way? your way of speaking? do you need to deal with them in a different way?
okay, would you rather be liked or respected?
in class or life in general, at home or anything else?
you would like be respected or liked?
okay, once when you were a student at university or even any other situation .. when were in a job interview where you were talking about a topic that you don't understand that you can't speak about .. you don't know it well so you decided to speak english and say sophisticated expressions that the person in front of you feel that okay you really understand everything then he will change the topic?
okay
okay can you live without a mobile?
okay, the last question  can you choose anything .. anything you are convinced with to let us be convinced?
anything you want
for example we can study for our masters, we can travel, we can stay, or anything else?
okay, thank you
okay we can start with you telling us about your background
where are you from? where were you born?
did you go to a national or an international school?
english, arabic, french?
i mean the background.
okay.when you were at university, what was your major? and .. and why did you choose this major?
when did you choose this major? when did you decide that you will go for this major? why did you choose it? how was your study? tell us.
okay, this is a curious question. have you regretted the decision of changing or you haven't?
can you tell us about your bachelor project? would you mind telling us about the hyperloop?
i mean we knew what they are and how they work?
no
okay, do you like reading?
okay, don't you have a specific book in your mind or can you remember this book right now?
okay, well, do you like watching movies?
okay can you tell us what your favorite movie is, what's its story? how was it? when did you watch it? was it english or arabic?
yes, maybe a brief story
after university, what's your dream job? what do you want to work? .. why do you want this career in particular? why will you choose it?
okay, now we will discuss the place you want to live in and that's it.
okay have you attended any internships or had a full-time or part-time job? can you tell us about your duties?
okay when you look at your father's situation, do you prefer working life or university life?
which one do you prefer even if you don't experience the working life? would you feel that it will be more comfortable or better for you?
okay, well if you would like to travel abroad, which country will you go for? we have just mentioned the places that you want to visit or try or live there.
which moment do you consider a turning point in your life, where you changed your mind regarding your major? you have mentioned before that you changed your major but if you have other turning points or even the same turning point, how did this turning point change your personality?
do you prefer working in a team or individually handling anything on your own whether at university or at work?
okay, well, do you find any difficulties when you deal with people from a different social levels .. do you find it difficult that you have to change your way? you want to change the way you speak?
what unique quality do you have in your character that you like the most, what do you feel that you are .. very good at?
okay, did it happen before that you were talking to somebody at the university or anywhere else, while in an interview or an evaluation, and you were discussing a topic that you do not fully understand, or in an evaluation where you don't understand the project well, so you start talking in english and you use complicated words so the other person would think that you understand everything, and bye bye?
and did he .. believe that or he felt that you were saying nonsense ..?
okay, can you live without a mobile?
in general
can you live without a mobile or can you never hold your mobile?
no, in general, phone calls, mobile, internet and everything
okay, here's the last question. can you choose anything to persuade us with or anything that comes into your mind to persuade us with?
for example, persuade us to travel.
for example .. i am not convinced to leave egypt and travel abroad.
are you convinced to leave egypt and travel abroad?  for example
no, i .. traveled .. traveled abroad before and i have stayed two months there but after two weeks passed, i felt that i want to go back to egypt.
i .. i .. i feel that i am satisfied dealing with people here when it comes to the way i interact with them, hanging out or having fun.
life there was totally different.
so i feel that i am satisfied here.
thank you
can you tell us about your background? where were you born? .. did you go to a national or an international school? was it english or arabic? what languages can you speak?
okay, well and .. which major did you go for at university? when did you choose this major? what was your study about? how was it?
okay, well, since you're supposed to be in the bachelor semester, can you tell us about your bachelor project?
okay, what's your dream job? after university, have you thought what you want to be in the future .. what's your dream job? why did you choose this job?
okay, can you tell us about the internships that you have attended before or any part-time or full-time jobs that you have tried?
okay,  do you feel that it's difficult to deal with people of a different social level? you don't know how to deal with them and you need to change your way?
okay,  have you ever tried this before when you were in an evaluation where you were talking about a topic that you didn't really understand so you're forced to speak in english and to say sophisticated words okay so that the person in front of you felt that you understood everything already so he said bravo bye bye?
okay, can you live without a mobile?
okay, the last thing is to choose something and persuade us with?
okay, well, good, thank you
shall we start by telling us about your background? where are you from? where were you born? .. did you go to a national or an international school? was it english, arabic, french or deutsch? what about your background and your study?
okay, you didn't say that the school was .. teaching what languages there like english, french or deutsch?
okay .. okay when it comes to university life, after joining university, which major did you choose? why did you choose this major? when were you interested in this major? why did you choose this in particular? what is your study about in general? what are you studying?
when .. when did you decide this .. you have that there's a .. after the first year
okay  since you're supposed to be in the bachelor semester, can you tell us about your bachelor project?
okay
okay
okay, interesting
which movie do you like the most?
okay what's .. what's your dream job after university? what do you want to work? and why?
okay, can you tell us about .. any internships that you attended or any part-time or full-time job that you have worked recently during university?
okay .. are there any moments in your life that you consider a turning point, where you changed your mind, went for another major or for another university other than the one that you had chosen? did you feel that at this point, you actually turned all your thinking?
okay, when you were at university or at work, would you like working in teams or you would like to handle the project individually, working on your own?
okay,  do you feel that you're an easy person to talk with or not .. or they have to break the ice for some time?
okay, do you find it difficult when you deal with people of different social level? can't you deal with them? do you need to change the way you speak or the way you treat them?
okay, okay, have you ever tried this before when you were in an evaluation where they were talking about a topic that you didn't really understand so you're forced to speak in english and to say sophisticated words so that the person in front of you felt that okay you understood everything already so he said bravo bye bye, have you done this before?
okay
okay
okay
okay since you have convinced a friend of yours that you play playstation and you don't know how to play playstation at all or even know anything about it,  ..
can you choose anything and persuade us with, anything that comes into your mind or that you imagine to persuade us to do?
can you persuade us to travel more, to camp or to do anything else?
i .. i am busy working on my project.i don't have time for traveling.
okay we don't have enough time in the weekend to travel as we will spend half of the weekend in the road.
okay it takes us ten hours to travel, ten hours for a day only?
so we have traveled for two days and have stayed there for two days? aren't you going to sleep at that time?
i got convinced.
okay,  thank you.
shall we start by telling us about your background?
where are you from?
where were you born?
did you go to a national or an international school?
which languages did you study? arabic, english, french or deutsch?
okay, what about university? or i don't .. don't mean the university name that you have joined but what is your major?
what was your study about?
what your bachelor project about?
when did you choose this .. major or this field?
okay, when did you choose this .. this .. major you enrolled in?
and  what was your bachelor project about?
okay
okay
okay, in the future when .. when you will get married and have children, which school will you choose for them; a 3national or an international school?
would you like them to go to an english, arabic, french or deutsch school?
why would you like to choose something like that?
okay but .. what language .. first language would you like your children have in education, is it english?
okay, if you .. you haven't been .. haven't been a ta, what would have been your dream job?
what's your dream job when you were young?
okay, well, good
okay, can you tell us about your life at work in general? have you worked before in a different place whether it's a full-time or part-time job or did you attended any internships when you were .. were a student?
okay
okay when did you feel that it's a turning point? you were thinking about something but now you are thinking about something else, how that day or that time influenced your life or changed your way of thinking in general.
okay
why do you choose such people? what do you .. like about them?
that one who? .. what does he do?
some prefer that you have to respect me in class then it's up to you whether you liked me or you don't like, it's up to you.
some people say no, i will make you like me.
okay
okay
which trait do you prefer about yourself and you don't want to change because you like this about yourself?
which trait that makes you avoid him, if this person has this trait, you won't deal with him? i cannot deal with a person like that .. that has this trait.
okay, well, once when you were in an evaluation or anything and .. and .. and you were speaking about something that you don't understand so you have to speak english and you have to say difficult words so that the person in front of you feel that you understood everything?
okay, when you were a student at university and you had an evaluation and there was something that you didn't .. didn't .. didn't .. didn't .. study .. you didn't know it very well, what did you do at that time?
okay, can you live without a mobile?
no, look i don't have such skill so i won't choose it to persuade you to do
okay, well, thank you.
okay, shall we start by telling us about your background? where are you from? where .. were you born? did you go to a national or an international school? were the languages at this school english, arabic, deutsch or french, tell us?
okay, well
okay, do you prefer enrolling your daughter in a national or an international school? which language would you choose? why do you think of this? i mean what .. why .. why are you interested in this?
okay
they are few.
okay, is there any moment that you consider a turning point, where you totally changed your mind regarding something at this point?
okay, well .. well when you were a student at university, or even .. now, would you like to work in a team or individually to handle everything on your own?
if you .. you .. i mean you .. someone .. we like someone and we respect him but that what you want in class, for example to be respected and then to be liked or not liked it's up to you but i should be respected in class, for example, do you understand?
no, maybe, the .. the one who is liked should be respected but it's not necessarily the one who is respected is liked.
okay, do you .. find any difficulties when you deal with people of different social level or when you talk with them?
okay, well, which trait in you that you are happy with and you won't change forever; you want it to last forever?
okay, well .. well have you tried being in an evaluation or something when you were a student or when you were studying master's or anything but the evaluation or the topic that you were talking about you didn't understand very well so you would start speaking english saying difficult words just okay to pass this situation ..?
okay well, can you live without a mobile?
okay, communication-wise, how can you get in contact with people without .. a mobile in your life?
okay .. okay last thing can you choose anything you want and persuade us with, anything that you can imagine, maybe we can travel, or we can complete master's, or anything?
no, i got convinced. i am convinced in general.
okay, well, thank you.
okay, can you tell us about your background? where are you from? where were you born? and .. did you go to a national or an international school? were the languages there english, french, deutsch or arabic? what languages did you study there?
okay which languages did you learn the most? were there any other languages other than english and arabic?
okay, what .. what was your bachelor project about? how was your bachelor project? can you tell us about it?
okay, well, in the future, would you like to enroll your children in a national or an international school? what kind of school would you choose for them english, french or deutsch?
what will you be interested in?
okay if you .. you weren't a ta, what's your dream job after competing master's?
why do you want to go for this job?
okay, well  can you tell us about your .. your .. your full-time or part-time jobs that you have worked or internships that you have attended when you were a student?
okay, do you prefer working life or student life .. i mean you have to study and do things like that but you don't have the routine of working life?
okay, do you consider yourself an easy person to talk with .. and to break the ice with? or they should take two or three days for breaking ice in order to be able to talk with you?
do you feel that you need %t .. to change your way of speaking and you need %t .. %t to treat them in a different way that you didn't get used to?
social level as money-wise, as education-wise
what do you like most about yourself?
which trait do you want to have forever in you and you don't want to change because you like this .. this trait very much?
okay, which trait that people have that makes you avoid interacting with them?
i won't know .. won't know .. how can i have common things between me and him?
okay .. okay  what causes stress to you?
what situation  makes you feel that you are so stressed and you don't know what to do?
okay, the next question is how you get over this stress, so you answered actually  .
okay  have you tried this situation before when you were in an evaluation or anywhere else .. and you don't know what you are doing so you would speak in english and say topics .. sophisticated expressions so that the person in front of you felt that you understood everything.
yes, sometimes we do this in the projects or in the .. in the evaluation.
no, it's not fake.
okay  can you live without a mobile?
why?
why? what's its importance in your life?
anything
phd completion, traveling, staying in egypt, or anything
okay, shall we start by telling us about your background? where are you from? where were you born? where you born in egypt?
did you go to a national or an international school? was it english, arabic, deutsch or french? what about your background and your study? tell us
okay, well. what is your study at university about in general? what do you study?
i mean .. mean, for example, my major is all about computer systems, computer software and programs and so on.
what is your study mainly about?
have you decided or made the decision to go for this major, mechatronics?
okay, well, can you tell us about your .. your bachelor project?
i usually visit my relatives on the weekends.
i usually visit my relatives on the weekends because my parents aren't here in cairo. i am alone, here in cairo. i either visit my family or sometimes go to the club or hang out with my friends once by the end of each term.
okay, well .. can you tell us what your dream job would be after university? and why .. why do you want to go for this position?
okay, when you have attended an internship for a month, .. of course, you have seen people who are working there such as engineers or workers or whoever, how was your feeling? will you prefer the working life or the .. the student life or .. or .. or .. studying and a three-month vacation and so on?
okay, actually, you will prefer working life, or not
okay, well, have you ever traveled abroad?
, okay if you have the chance .. have the chance to travel abroad for a scholarship or a job offer, would you make this decision or you want to stay here?
okay well, the question is still .. if you got an offer to travel abroad for a scholarship as you would learn without paying a lot of money or got an offer to work abroad, definitely, if it's an offer for an engineer, of course the salary would be very more competitive than that here in egypt, would you make this decision or not?
okay  is there a moment in your life that you consider a turning point and that you were thinking of something, you were thinking of the major then you decided to change your mind .. and go for something else?
okay  would you rather be liked  or respected?
do you like people do you a favor because they respect you and that they have to do this or because they love you and do this for you in order not to be annoyed or because they really like you?
okay, well do you feel that you are an easy person that people can talk with and .. get along with quickly or you should take time for ice breaking then you can talk and get along with one another?
okay and do you find it difficult to deal with people of different social level?
do you feel that you don't know how to .. talk with them or you need to change your way and attitude as well as your way of speaking?
okay, what makes you feel stressed, .. what makes stressed and .. you feel that you have a lot to do or something .. so you feel that you are stressed? what makes you be in such mood?
the last question, can you choose anything and persuade us of?
it will come when you really want to do something  it's not .. about the skills that you acquired at university, i will need more, you cannot do this, , i will need to .. to help you with it, and .. and the same time, i am doing something .. when i want to do something related to hardware, i cannot continue it alone without you, for example.
no man can serve two masters.
if i am focused on what i am doing and you are focused on what you are doing, we will get the best result, right?
exactly, however, both, by the end are important and compatible.
exactly
thank you, merci
okay, your school was national or international?
okay
what languages did you study at school english, french .. or deutsch or what?
when you were at university, you said that your major, can you tell us about your major? and your project .. bachelor project
okay, can you tell us about a movie ..
okay what about you ..  are you married?
okay in the future when .. you enroll your children to a school whether it's national or international? would you choose for them arabic, english or french? what would you be interested in teaching your children?
okay, it will be an ordinary national or international school? okay, you can be in a private school but it could be national or international?
it was a national school but private.
okay well, if you weren't .. weren't a teacher assistant now, what would be your dream job when you were at university, what would you like to be?
okay and .. and have you ever attended internships at university or something?
okay now would you prefer the working life or you want to be a student again and you prefer the student life, university, assignments, tas, and at the same time there's a three-month vacation?
why?
okay do you consider yourself an easy person to talk with? is it easy .. or you need some time for ice breaking to deal with people? can you talk with them easily or they talk with you easily?
okay do you find it difficult when .. when you deal with people of different social level do you feel that it's difficult or that you need to change your way or the way you act?
what trait do you like most about yourself and that you want to keep it, you don't need to change this .. this is what you like?
okay what trait makes you .. ignore the person in front of you as you feel that you don't want to deal with this person because has has such trait?
okay can you .. you tell us about what makes you feel stressed the most and .. and uncomfortable? what makes you feel nervous?
okay and how can you get over it? how do you solve this?
okay, well have you tried being in a situation in an evaluation or something and you were a student and .. and then you talked about a topic that you didn't understand so you spoke english and used sophisticated words so that the person in front of you would think, okay, you already understand everything so let's skip the .. evaluation?
okay have you ever felt this when you .. you were in an evaluation when a student did this in an evaluation and he pretended to understand everything and actually he didn't understand anything?
okay can you live without a mobile?
yes
okay
okay yes
okay
okay
okay the last question can you choose anything and persuade us of anything for example completing the research, masters or phd, anything according to your life experience choose anything and persuade us of
okay
okay thank you
okay shall we start by telling us about your background, where are you from? where were you born? and .. and your school was national or international? what languages were there english, arabic, deutsch and french? after that, what about your university? i mean give give us a background about you?
okay and you  what's your major and why did you choose this major?
okay have you known that you would join computer science or have you decided to join university? i mean when you were in the general secondary did you feel that .. you were looking for joining computer science?
okay can you tell us about bachelor project what is your bachelor project about .. i mean give us a brief about it?
okay can you tell us about the hobbies that you have or if you have specific hobbies that you practice during your free time?
okay do you have a favorite quote or .. or a specific quote that you usually remember?
okay do you like watching movies?
okay can you tell us a movie that you love what's its story or what does it talk, a movie that you remember and that it's always in your mind?
okay in the future have your ever thought about this .. would you enroll your children to a school whether it's national or international? would you choose for them a school that teaches arabic, english, french or .. or deutsch?
okay have you traveled abroad before?
which place do you really want to go .. want to visit?
okay if you got the chance to travel abroad for a job offer or a scholarship to study abroad, would you made this decision or you want to stay here?
okay do you consider yourself an easy person to talk with or they need time for ice breaking so that you can talk?
okay do you find it difficult when you deal with people of different social level whether it's a lower or higher level, do you feel that you want to change your way, do you want to change your way of speaking or something?
okay what trait do .. you like about yourself that you want it to last forever and that you don't want to change it at all?
okay can you live without a mobile and .. and tell us why in both cases?
okay last question, can you choose anything and persuade us of?
thank you
okay, can you start by telling us about your background, where do you come from, and did you go to a national or international school?
okay well and .. and after school, when you went to university, what was the major?
okay
okay well what was your study about at university what were you studying?
okay well can you tell us about your masters and your bachelor project i mean how your education career went after that?
okay are you currently working on master's?
okay is this topic here? would you love to tell us about it?
okay
okay .. are you going to enroll your children in a national or an international school in the future? which language will they be focusing on at school? what will be their first language? english, or french or deutsch or any other language like japanese for example?
okay well but .. here in egypt there aren't a lot of japanese schools for example ..
okay
if you weren't a teacher assistant or a lecturer assistant what would be your dream job? and why would you choose this?
okay can you tell us about .. any internships that you attended or any full-time or part-time jobs that you worked .. what were you doing?
okay well .. after you have finished university would you prefer the working life or the student life and .. and that you have to study but at the same time you have a three-month vacation and a different life?
okay well which trait do you like about yourself and you want it to last forever and you will never change you want to have it forever?
okay
yes
okay why?
i mean that.
okay what makes you feel .. stressed? what makes you feel stressed or nervous?
okay and .. and how do you handle .. this stress? how do you deal with this how do you treat yourself how do you get over this?
okay when you were a student have you tried speaking in an evaluation about something that you don't really understand so you say sophisticated words and speak in english so that the person in front of you believe that you really understand then he will say bye bye and leave
okay for example, when we were students and were having an evaluation and when i didn't really understand this part, i started speaking in english so that .. the person in front of me was okay saying that i did understand everything because i mentioned sophisticated expressions then bye bye have you tried to do this?
okay
yes
okay can you live without a mobile?
no i mean that you live without a mobile i don't mean that you stay for one hour without a mobile let's say that you stay a month without a mobile
why?
don't you feel that it's important to communicate with people? to communicate with your family? to communicate with your friends? and if it's social media, you can know the news and everything. or not ..
okay last question please can you choose anything and persuade us of?
okay
okay thank you
okay shall we start by telling us about your background, where are you from? where were you born? and .. and your school was national or international?
where are you from?
where were you born?
what languages did you study at school?
okay well did you study any other languages that you learn as a second language other than français?
okay after that when it comes to education career when you joined university what major did you choose?
and why did you choose this major?
okay well when did you feel that you like this major?
when you were in the general secondary or in ig, did you feel that you wanted to go for computer science, did you like that?
okay what was your bachelor project about?
if you are working on your masters, can you tell us about that?
okay well do you have a favorite quote that you usually remember?
okay i guess that your daughter is still young and she hasn't gone to school yet
okay what about your plans are you going to enroll her in a national or an international school?
are you planning to enroll her in a school that teaches english, french or deutsch or what?
okay
what was it?
why were you thinking about being a wedding planner?
okay haven't you traveled abroad before?
okay well can you tell us about the places that you visited for example the most remarkable scene that you can still remember and you will never forget?
okay which place do you really want to visit?
okay well
okay what if you got the chance to ..
so why?
okay if you had the chance to travel abroad as a job offer or a scholarship would you prefer that or you would stay here?
okay what if you felt that one day supposedly you got an offer for you and your husband to be able to travel and start living there
can you tell us about a place you visited in egypt that you like the most.
a visit that you will never forget?
okay do you have a role model in your life you don't have to mention a role model for all fields but you can just mention one in each field for example in life or at home such as your father and mother and another role model at work in different fields?
yes
okay do you consider yourself an easy person to talk with or you need some time for ice breaking so that you can have time to get along with people and talk to them? or it's very easy to talk with you .. to talk with you from the first day.
okay
okay
okay do you find it difficult when you deal with people of different social level that you need to change your way? your way of speaking? your attitude or something?
okay
okay what trait do .. you like about yourself and you are happy with .. that you want it to last forever and that you don't want to change it at all?
okay
what trait makes you avoid people because it will be difficult for you to deal with people that have such trait?
okay what makes you feel .. stressed? what makes you feel worried or nervous?
okay and how do you handle this?
how do you deal with this?
okay, shall we start by telling us about your background? where are you from? where were you born? did you go to a national or an international school? were the languages at this school english, arabic, french or deutsch or what?
okay, what was the .. the language at your school?
okay, after joining university, what major and .. and when did you choose this major or when did you decide this major?
okay, can you tell us about your study at university what was it about can you tell us about the topic of your bachelor project?
what was it about?
okay, have you traveled abroad?
okay, well  .. which place do you really want to visit, do you want to visit this place outside egypt?
okay, well. if you had the chance to travel abroad for a job offer or a scholarship or something, would you make this decision? if yes, would you .. you do this without thinking?
okay, can you tell us about .. about .. about .. a place that you have visited here in egypt or a remarkable place for you that you liked and enjoyed the activities there .. activities that you did there?
okay
okay, and .. and in general do you prefer working individually or in a team and why?
okay, do you consider yourself an easy person to talk with .. or they need time for ice breaking first then you can talk together?
okay, do you find it difficult when you deal with people of different social level? do you feel need to change your way, your words or the way you treat them?
okay, can you tell us about a trait that you like the most about yourself, i mean it's a trait that you feel that you don't want to change it?
okay, what trait that makes you ignore the person in front of you because you can't accept it, if a person has this trait, you cannot deal with him?
okay have you tried being in an evaluation or something, and you are talking about something that you don't really understand so you start speaking english and you say sophisticated words so it will be okay and the situation will pass so the person in front of you says that you really understand everything and it's over?
okay, can you live without a mobile or you cannot and why?
okay, the last question, can you choose anything .. anything and persuade us of? anything you can see and you are persuaded of and you will make make us be persuaded?
okay, well, shall we start by telling us about your background, where are you from? where were you born? did you got to a national or an international school? did it teach english, french, or deutsch?
okay, well, can you tell us about your university, what was your major? what did you study, for example? what about your bachelor project?
have you .. you traveled abroad regardless of the internship? have you gone to any other place?
okay can you tell us about the experience that you gain from your visits, i mean what was the difference between thailand, malaysia and paris?
okay ..  what was the most remarkable scene when you visited those places? which place makes you very happy that you felt that you wanted to go there and you will still remember this forever.
and if .. you got the chance to travel abroad for a job offer or a scholarship, would you make this decision or you would say that you would think about it or to stay here?
have you traveled inside egypt a lot?
okay  did you ever feel like this is a turning point in your life? that you changed your way of thinking after that point?
okay, well would you like to work at university or in general you would like to work in a team or you want to work alone?
okay  well and if you were in a team and .. and a member of this team was longer motivated at all and he was irritate, can you deal with this situation or you can't .. can you encourage him?
okay
okay  what makes you feel stressed?
okay, how do you deal with this? or how do you handle this stress?
okay well  have you ever tried talking about a topic that you don't really understand so you have decided to speak in english and to say sophisticated words so that the one in front of you realizes that you really understand everything?
what was the reaction of the person in front of you? was he convinced or he told you that you were saying nonsense?
okay can you live without a mobile?
why?
okay the last question can you choose anything and persuade us of?
but for example certificates and things like that
nobody would accept me to work as a tv presenter because i don't have a certificate
okay, thank you
okay, shall we start by telling us about your background? where are you from? where were you born? did you go to a national or an international school? was the language there english, french or deutsch and so on?
okay well and can you tell us about your education for example the .. the university? what was your major?
and .. and what were you studying for example and .. and what was your bachelor project about?
well what was your study about regardless of .. your project? what were the specific topics that you studied?
okay, have you thought to go for it
you .. or you have a daughter
a son, okay
are you planning to enroll your son in a national or an international school? what language will you go for .. and what language will you focus on and interested in teaching him?
okay in what language do you .. teach him the .. first words?
how old is he now .. now?
okay have you .. you traveled anywhere else .. other than the place where you took the course?
okay
okay which place do you like the most and you want to visit it again as you usually like going there and you like this place very much so you will never forget?
okay is there any specific place that you want to visit? that you wish to travel?
okay
okay, if you got the chance to .. to travel abroad for a job offer or a scholarship, would you take the chance or not in case you are alone or in case you are with your family.
okay
okay a moment that you consider a turning point in your life, where  your .. your way of thinking changed at that time?
okay, do you consider yourself an easy person to talk with or they need time for ice breaking?
okay, what trait do you like very much about yourself and you don't want to change it?
okay what trait makes you ignore people that you won't deal with them again?
okay
okay  have you tried being in a situation like an evaluation or something and you talk about a topic that you don't understand well so you start speaking in english saying sophisticated words because okay the person in front of you says that you understand everything and it will pass?
okay
okay, well what was the reaction of the person in front of you? did he believe that or not ..
okay, can you live without a mobile?
why?
okay, well as for the last question, choose anything and persuade us of; anything you are persuaded of and you will let us do it or persuade us that it's really and that we should be persuaded of
okay, thank you
okay, shall we start by telling us about your background? where are you from? where were you born? .. did you go to a national or an international school? was it english, arabic, french or deutsch?
okay after the .. the education, what about your career?
which university did you join? which major did you choose? when did you choose this major? and when did you feel that you want to go for this major?
okay, well, can you tell us about your bachelor project and the masters later on so what was the topic about actually?
okay and what about master's?
okay, have you traveled before for a job or having fun?
can you tell us about the places that you visits and which place do you you like the most that you want to visit again and you will remember it forever?
okay, well, if you got the chance to travel abroad for a job offer or a scholarship, would you make this decision or not? and why would you make it quickly and why would you say no?
okay and what place do you want to travel?
okay can you tell us about .. about a place that you have visited in egypt where you did many activities there and you had fun?
okay
okay, do you consider yourself a difficult person to talk with or not .. not it's easy to talk with you i mean do you need time for ice breaking or it's easy for people to talk with you easily?
okay, well, what trait makes you ignore people that you won't accept them or deal with them?
okay, well, have you tried being in an evaluation or an interview and .. and you discuss a topic that you don't really understand so you start speaking in english saying sophisticated words just to pass the interview and the .. the .. the evaluation will pass?
okay
okay
as for the last question, choose anything and persuade us of?
anything, anything that you .. you see and be persuaded of and you feel that we .. i mean you are persuaded of .. it's not necessarily to be something academic or for fun anything funny, it could be anything.
thank you
okay, shall we start by telling us about your background? where are you from?
and .. and did you go to a national or an international school? what were the languages there; french, deutsch or english or what?
okay, after that, when it comes to the education career, which major did you choose? and why did you choose this major? and when did you feel that you want to go for this major?
okay, can you tell us about your bachelor project, what was it about? and if you started preparing for masters, can you tell us what is the topic of your masters?
okay, what was your dream job and why were you interested in this .. this job?
okay, can you tell us about any previous part-time or full-time job or internship that you had during university, can you tell us how was it?
okay, well, do you prefer the working life or university life as a student?
okay
okay, have you traveled abroad before?
okay, among the places that you traveled, which place did you like the most and you want to visit it again, a place you will never forget?
do you feel that you want to change your way? do you feel that you cannot deal with them? or that you are not comfortable?
okay and what trait makes do you like most about yourself and you don't want to change at all? you think it's good and you want to keep it forever?
okay, what trait makes you ignore people and if people have such trait, you won't accept them .. you won't know how to accept them and deal with them?
okay, have you tried being in .. in an interview or an evaluation and you speak english saying sophisticated words because you are discussing a topic that you don't really understand so you start to get out of this situation by doing this and saying sophisticates words so that the person in front of you feel that you really understand?
can you live without a mobile and if yes, why and if no, why?
as for the last question, choose anything and persuade us of, you can persuade us to complete masters, to travel, to stay here, to join .. or to be tas, anything.
well, okay, thank you
okay, shall we start by telling us about your background? and .. and where are you from? where were you born? .. did you go to a national or an international school? was it english, arabic, french or deutsch?
okay, after that, when it comes to your education career, after joining university, which major did you choose? when did you decide to go for this major?
okay, then generally, what was your study about? what did study in computer science? what was your bachelor project about?
and .. and after that did you complete masters?
have you ever traveled abroad apart from the .. the bachelor project?
okay, can you tell us about the experience, how was it? which place did you like most? and you liked .. liked to go there again and you will still remember that place forever?
can you tell us about the experience of traveling in general and which place will you still remember and you always want to go there again, this place is in your memory that you will never forget. it looked great.
which place did you like when you traveled and you want to go there again as you remember this place very well?
and .. what if you got the chance to travel abroad for a scholarship or a job offer, would you take this decision?
okay
okay, do you consider yourself an easy person to talk with or they need time for ice breaking?
okay, do you find if difficult when you deal with people of a different social level, whether it's higher or lower? do you feel that you want to change your way and your topic?
okay
okay, what trait makes you ignore people and if people have such trait, you won't deal with them and you can't deal with them?
okay
okay  what makes you stressed and nervous?
okay, have you tried being in .. in an interview or an evaluation at university discussing a topic that you don't really understand so you speak in english saying sophisticated words just to pass the interview or the .. the situation passes?
okay, can you live without a mobile?
okay, as for the last question, can you choose anything to persuade us of? anything that comes into your mind and you are persuaded of, whether it's traveling, masters, working or anything?
okay, shall we start by talking about your background? where are you from? did you go to a national or an international school? what were the languages taught at school? english or french or deutsch?
okay, well, after that, when it comes to your education career, which major did you choose? and .. and why did you choose this major? when did you decide that you want to go for this .. this major?
okay, can you tell us about your .. study? what do you study in general at university and .. and what is your bachelor project about .. what is it?
okay, can you tell us about your daily routine? what do you do after getting up in the morning? how does your day go?
okay, what are .. are your hobbies? what are you interested in doing? listening to music, watching movies, playing, what are your hobbies?
okay, well, do you like listening to songs?
okay, do you like listening to arabic or english? for example, tell us .. tell me about a favorite song or your favorite singer.
okay, well do you like watching movies?
okay, can you tell us about a movie that you like and can you tell us its story quickly?
okay, after university, what about your career job? what dream job do you want? what do you want to work?
i really want to work in coding that shouldn't be related to .. to management and i don't want to lead a team. i just want to work on the codes on my laptop doing everything, if it's not working, i will fix it.
okay, well, after trying working life, what would you prefer working life or .. or student life at university and .. and having a three-month vacation?
okay, have you traveled abroad before?
okay, can you tell me what were you doing there and .. what place did like most and you want to visit it again?
okay, if you got the chance to travel abroad for a job offer or a scholarship, would you prefer this or you would want to stay here?
okay, is there a moment in your life that you consider a turning point, where your way of thinking changed?
okay, do you like working in teams or you like working individually?
okay, why so although you can handle everything individually and you will be aware of everything regarding the project.
okay, in general, do you have a role model, it isn't necessarily to be an absolute role model? but you can have a specific role model in a .. a specific field in .. in life?
okay, there is a question. would you rather be liked or respected? and why?
but sometimes, you will feel that it's impossible .. impossible be liked by everyone but definitely, not everyone will agree on you. someone may tell you that i .. i like him or love him and another one will say no, opinions will be different.
okay, do you consider yourself an easy person to talk with or they need time for ice breaking to be able to talk with you?
okay, what trait that makes you ignore the person in front of you and you cannot deal with him or even accept him
okay, well, what makes you feel stressed?
how can you handle this? do you have an idea .. what to do in general when you feel stressed?
okay, have you tried discussing a topic in an evaluation or an interview as you don't understand this topic very well so you start speaking in english saying sophisticated words so that the interview or the evaluation will pass and .. and the one in front of you will feel that you understand everything?
okay, and what the reaction of the person in front of you?
okay, did that person believe that or .. he focused on the questions?
okay, can you live without a mobile?
why, what's its importance?
okay, as for the last question, can you choose anything and .. and persuade me of? anything you want or anything you are persuaded of such as traveling, staying here, studying master's or working or anything?
okay, well, thank you
okay, shall we start by telling us about your background? where are you from? did you go to a national or an international school? what was the language there english, arabic or french or what else?
okay  you are egyptian and you were born in cairo?
okay, well .. well, after university .. which major did you choose? and .. and why did you choose this major? or why were you interested in this?
okay, can you tell us about the other plans such as plan a that you used to have, for example?
okay but what .. i mean what .. what makes you feel that it will be difficult and why didn't you join the acting institute or something?
i don't know what .. what is included there .. why didn't you take the track of acting or directing as you would learn acting and directing and study acting or acting .. then .. you will grow .. i mean what makes you feel that it would be difficult or it's not guaranteed?
okay did you decide the major of engineering or you didn't know that you would choose this?
okay, have you traveled abroad before?
okay, can you tell us where did you travel? what did you do? which place did you like the most?
okay, is there any specific place that you want to visit, that you wish to travel to it?
okay, well, what if you got .. got the chance to .. to travel for a job offer or a scholarship, would you make this decision or not? what would you think of while making this decision?
okay, do you consider yourself an easy person that people can talk with or you need time for ice breaking?
okay, which trait do you like about yourself and feel that you want to have forever without any changes?
okay, which trait makes you ignore people that you cannot deal with them?
okay  have you tried being in an evaluation at university or in general in a presentation at school or something and you discuss a topic that you don't really understand so you start speaking in english or french saying sophisticated words so that the person in front of you feels that you understand everything and it will pass.
okay
okay, what was their reaction? did they understand .. believe what you said and feel that you really understand or not?
okay, can you live without a mobile?
why?
okay, as for the last question, can you choose anything .. anything to persuade us of? anything that you are persuaded of to make us be persuaded?
thank you
okay, shall we start by telling us about your background? where are you from? did you go to a national or an international school? was it english, french or deutsch? tell us about your start.
okay, where are you from? where were you born?
in cairo okay
okay  after school, you  had joined university, which major did you choose? when did you decide to go for this major and what makes you interested in this major?
okay this .. this has to do with joining university, but why did you choose engineering i mean why didn't you join pharmacy, why didn't you join applied arts?
okay
i mean you have chosen engineering not by exclusion, that you said no to this, and that.
okay
okay, well .. well, did you know which .. what major you wanted .. i mean what are you going to be majored in or you still don't know?
but what makes interested in mechatronics? what makes you like met, for example?
okay, well
okay, well, are you planning after that, for example, after .. after .. university to complete masters at one or you .. you travel or work at once or you still don't know?
okay
okay
okay
okay, have you .. worked before in an organization or joined a scout for example or .. or mag or something.
okay, what about your role, what were you doing? can you tell us about this period?
only this
okay what were you doing in .. in .. in the scout? did you attend any sessions or any camps?
okay, well, according to .. to .. to the short period of time when you worked in such organizations, do you prefer being a student that studies and takes a three-month vacation or you prefer working and .. and .. and you have responsibilities other than university and studying?
okay but after university, will you have an official job .. job, for example, if you were a father or mother, would you prefer .. prefer working life or university?
okay, well, have you ever traveled abroad?
okay, which place do you want to visit, you want to travel to?
okay, well, can you tell us about a place that you visited here in egypt where you liked the activities that you did, which landscapes did you like?
okay, well, if you got the chance to travel as you did before, if you got the chance to travel for a scholarship or a job offer and .. and you should travel and leave everything, would you do this or not and why?
okay, for sure, you would travel then come back, you would have vacations but .. your job is based there, i mean you can stay there for three or four months then you come and stay two weeks here, three or four months there and two weeks here
would you accept this?
but for example, if you went there and worked and your salary became high then you come here to work in egypt and you found that your salary was a quarter of the previous salary, would you go back there?
by the end you go and come and it's okay as this is your choice but still there some factors that influence you.
that if you came back, you won't be in the same value or position.
okay, do you consider yourself an easy person that people can talk with or you need time for ice breaking as they need time to talk with you?
okay, well, does it sometimes cause any .. any problems?
okay, well, do you find any difficulties when you deal with people from a different social level, whether it's higher or lower?
okay but for example, when you deal with people of a lower social level as you mostly speak english and they don't understand you so they will be frustrated.
okay, which trait do you like the most about yourself and you don't want to change it forever because it's good and you like it?
okay, well which trait that makes you ignore people in front of you that you cannot deal with them?
okay what makes you stressed, nervous and .. and uncomfortable?
okay, and how do you overcome this stress and how do you deal with this?
okay, well, have you tried talking  in an interview or in .. in a presentation at school or anywhere else that you speak about a topic that you don't understand so speak in english or français so that the person in front of you feels that you understand okay, then the situation will pass?
okay, can you live without a mobile?
okay, as for the last question, can you choose anything and .. and persuade us of? anything you want or anything like completing your study, traveling or staying here? are you persuaded that family comes first?
merci
okay, shall we start by telling us about your background? where are you from? did you go to a national or an international school and what were the languages there?
okay well .. well after had joined university, which major did you choose? and .. and .. and why did you choose this major? when did you feel that you like this major?
okay, can you tell us what topics do you study .. at university, what's your study mainly about?
okay, can you tell us about the projects that you did and how were it?
okay, well, can you tell you us how you start your daily routine, what do you usually do in the weekday?
okay, what do you do in the weekends?
okay, can you tell us about its topic or it's story?
okay, have you thought before, for example, in the future, would you like to enroll your children in a national or an international school .. which language would you like to teach them?
if you worked before, what were you doing and what were your job duties?
okay, do you consider yourself an easy person that people talk with and get along with you or they need long time for ice breaking?
okay, do you find any difficulties when you deal with people of different social level? do you feel that you cannot deal with them, do you want to change your way?
okay, which trait do you like the most about yourself and you want it to last forever without any changes?
okay, which trait makes you ignore people that you cannot deal with them and it's difficult for you to deal with this .. this trait?
okay what .. what did your parents criticize you for saying that you should stop this?
okay, what do you feel weird about yourself?
okay, well, have you tried being in an evaluation or an interview and .. and you discuss a topic that you don't really understand so you start speaking in english saying sophisticated words just to pass this situation or you haven't done this?
okay, what was the reaction of the person in front of you, did he believe that, was he convinced or not and he felt that you are saying nonsense?
okay, can you live without a mobile? if yes, why? if no, why?
okay, as for the last question, can you choose in your mind anything to persuade us of?
well, okay, thank you
okay, shall we start by .. by telling us about your background? where are you from, where were you born? did you go to a national or an international school? and .. and what were the languages there?
okay, after that, can you tell us about your .. your education career? what did you do? which major did you choose? and why did you choose this major? can you tell us about your system at university?
okay
i have tried this in the past semester, thank god, i passed it as i got good grades and now i take overload, i am really stressed.
the .. artist  draws a chart then he sells it to get a lot of money and that's his profit.
i don't know, i don't know can you .. tell us what's happening?
okay, shall we start by .. by telling us about your background? where are you from, where were you born? did you go to a national or an international school? and .. and what were the languages there?
okay, well and .. after that .. when it comes to your education career, which major did you go for at university? and .. and why did you choose this major? when did you feel that you want this major? and why?
okay, can you tell us about your study at university? what was it about? what do you study? what do you learn? and .. and .. and can you tell us about the topic of your bachelor project?
okay, can you tell us about the topic of your bachelor project? what does it talk about?
okay, can you tell us about .. about your daily routine? what do you usually do on your weekday after getting up in the morning? what .. do you usually do in the middle of the week?
okay, what do you do in the weekends or during your free time? what activities do you .. you usually do?
okay, well, do you have specific hobbies that you practice such as reading, listening to music, playing or .. any other specific hobbies?
okay, what kind of music do you like, what type of music do you like? do you like a specific singer or a specific song?
okay, do you usually listen to arabic or english songs?
okay, well, do you have a favorite quote that you like to apply and that you usually remember or you don't have?
okay, well  do you like movies, do you usually watch a lot of movies?
okay, well, as for the .. the future are you planning to enroll your children in a national or an international school? would you go for an arabic, english, french or a deutsch school?
okay, well, what was your dream job when you were young? and now you are at university, what do you want to work?
okay, have you attended any internships or worked any part-time or full-time jobs, can you tell us about that?
okay, well, based on your three-month vacation, what would you .. you .. you prefer working life or university life? which is better for you?
okay, have you traveled abroad before?
okay, is there any specific place that you want to visit, that you wish to travel to it?
okay, well , if you got the chance to travel for a job offer or a scholarship, would you make this decision or not? and .. and .. and what will influence your decision?
okay, well and .. and which country in .. in europe as you said you wanted to take a tour there, which country would you choose to live there?
is there a specific place in your mind or you will go and see .. if you like the country there, you will stay there?
okay, well, is there a point in your life that you consider a turning point, where your way of thinking changed the most?
what has been developed in your character, what did you feel? how was your character and how is it now?
okay and .. when you were at university, did you like working on projects individually or in a team?
okay, do you have a role model in your life? it's not necessarily to have an absolute role model but you can have a role model for each field.
okay, well, there's another question. would you rather be liked or respected and why?
okay, do you consider yourself an easy person that people can talk with or they need time for ice breaking, do they need time to talk to each other?
okay, do you find it difficult when you deal with people of a different social level, different style and their social level is higher or lower than yours?
okay, what trait do you like about yourself and you want it to last forever and you will never change?
okay, which trait makes you ignore people? if you find this trait in anyone, you cannot deal with them, you cannot .. adapt with them?
okay, what does your parents criticize you for as they tell you that you should change this?
okay, what makes you feel stressed? what makes you feel nervous because you have a lot to do?
okay, and how do you handle such stress, how do you deal with this?
okay, have you tried being in an .. an interview or a project when you speak about a topic that you don't really understand so you start speaking english saying sophisticated words so that the person in front of you feel that you understand and .. and the situation will pass?
okay, can you live without a mobile or not? if yes, why?
but don't you feel that it distracts you from something more important?
okay, well, as for the last question, can you choose anything you are persuaded of to make us be persuaded of, it could be a general thing like completing studies, traveling or anything else?
okay, well, thank you
okay, shall we start by telling us about your background? where are you from? where were you born? did you go to a national or an international school? what were the languages at this school english, arabic, french or deutsch?
okay, well, after education, what about your career?
which major did you choose? why did you choose this major? when did you feel that you want to go for this major?
okay, can you tell us about .. about your study? what .. do you study at university? what do you learn? what was your .. your bachelor project about?
okay, well, have you traveled abroad before?
okay, can you tell us about the places that you have visited and which place did you like the most that you want to go there again and you can still remember this place?
well, when you traveled there, did you make friends there and were .. you still in touch or not?
no, i mean friends that you made there .are you still in contact with them or not?
okay, which place do you want to visit now?
okay, if you got the chance to .. to travel abroad for a job offer or a scholarship, would you make this decision or not? what would made you think about this? what would affect your decision?
okay, do you usually travel inside egypt?
okay well, is there any specific place you still remember and you want to talk about?
okay, do you consider yourself an easy person that people can talk with or they need time for ice breaking and will get along with you more?
okay, do you find it difficult to .. to deal with people from a different social level that you can't deal with and you need to change your way or something?
okay, which trait do you .. you like about yourself and you want it to last forever without any changes?
okay, which trait that people have that makes you avoid interacting with them? if people have such trait that you hate the most, you cannot deal with it?
okay, well, what do your parents criticize you of? did they tell you that you need to change something in your character?
nothing
okay, is there anything that you consider weird about yourself, in your personality, something weird, something that people would find very weird?
okay, well, what makes you feel stressed and very nervous?
and how do you get over stress, what do you do?
okay, well, have you tried being in an interview or an evaluation speaking about a topic that you don't understand so speak in english using sophisticated words just to pass this situation? can you tel us about this situation, for example? can you tell us about a situation like that that happened to you?
okay, what was the reaction of the person in front of you, did he believe that, was he convinced or he realized that you were saying nonsense?
okay, can you live without a mobile? if yes, why? if no, why?
okay, as for the last question, can you choose anything and persuade us of, anything you are persuaded of such as traveling, completing masters, staying here, or to do .. do anything that you want to persuade us of?
okay okay thank you.
well, shall we start by telling us about your background where originally are you from? and .. and were you in a national or international school? and were the languages english, arabic, french, or deutsch?
okay, and afterwards the education career, what was the major you enrolled in? and when did you want .. decide to enroll in this major? i mean did you feel that you like it?
okay, well and what made you decide to join mechatronics. why did you like ((it))? or i mean what made you think of it, not joining computer science, or communication?
okay well, can you tell us more for example about your study? what did you learn? the projects you did for example, how were they like?
well, have you traveled abroad before?
okay are there any specific place where you would like to travel to or to see?
country.
okay, well what if you got an oppportunity to make a scholarship or you got a job offer, would you like to take this decision and travel or would you settle here and which factors would impact your decision?
okay, well do you travel often domestically in egypt?
well, can you tell us about a travel that you did in egypt in which you liked the place and the scenery the most and you wanted to go there again?
well, do you consider yourself an easy person to talk to or a difficult person, i mean do you need time for ice breaking to be able to talk?
okay well, do you feel that it's difficult to deal with people of different social level, do you need to change your way of talking, do you need to change your attitude?
i mean lower or higher social level whether it is money-wise or .. or .. or education-wise.
but for example, if you are using while talking english words or something and you deal with someone whose social level is lower than you or whose educational level is lower than you would you change your way of talking for example?
well, what is the most trait you like in yourself, you feel that you like to keep, and never to change it forever?
well, and what is the most trait in the other person, if there you can't deal with him, you feel that it's very hard to cope with him?
well, what is the most thing that makes you feel stressed and uncomfortable?
okay well, and how do you %bt .. %bt overcome it?
okay have you ever tried before while talking with someone in an interview or in an evaluation to talk in english about a topic that you are not fully understanding and to say ((sophisticated terms)) so that the interview would smoothly pass?
what happened?
okay can you do without a mobile?
why?
well, the last question can you select anything  that you believe in and persuade us of it can be to travel, to study, it can be anything?
okay  okay, thank you.
well, shall we start by telling us about your background where are you originally from? and .. and were you in a national school or international one? and what were the languages there?
okay and afterwards your education career what was the major you enrolled in? and .. and why did you select this major? when did you feel that you want to join this major?
well can you tell us more about .. your study as well what do you study, i mean what do you study at the university, if there is for example a bachelor project or a big project that you like to tell us about?
okay, well have you traveled abroad before?
okay, in general in your travels did you make friends or something, and are you still in touch or not?
well   if you got the opportunity to travel abroad whether you got a job offer or scholarship would you take this decision or would you prefer to settle here and which things would impact your decision?
okay do you consider yourself an easy person to talk to or not .. or do you need much time for ice breaking?
well, what is the most trait you like in yourself and you don't want this trait to change at all?
okay and which trait if there in the other person you can't deal with him, or you fell that it's hard to go on dealing with .. dealing with this person?
well what is the most thing makes you feel that you are very stressed?
well, have you ever tried before to be in .. in a situation, an interview, or in an evaluation and .. and talk in a topic which you don't understand so you speak in english or ((to say sophisticated terms)) so that the situation would smoothly pass and others would feel that you understand?
okay well can you do without a mobile, and why if yes, or no?
well, can you select anything you believe in or you are convinced of and persuade us of, anything you believe that it's important?
i mean is there anything, some people convinced us to complete masters, it can be to convince us with something funny, or it can be with anything
how is that?
and then?
okay  thanks.
well, can you tell us about your background, where originally are you from? and .. and was you school a national or international one? and what were the languages there english. arabic, deutsch, french?
well, and then the education career which major did you enroll in? and why did you join this major? why did you feel .. do you like it for example, when did you decide to join it?
okay well and can you tell us about your study, what do you study in the university? what do you study? and .. and then can you tell us about your bachelor project?
can you tell us about how do you start your day, how is your daily routine in your normal life?
okay well and the weekends? is there anything different in the weekends? do you practice for example any certain activities in the day off?
well, have you traveled abroad before?
well can you tell us about the travels and the places you have been to, which place that you liked the most and you wanted to go there again?
okay well when you traveled did you make friends and if yes are you still in touch or not?
which place you like to go the most .. to visit i mean you haven't been there before .. you haven't traveled there before and you wanted to go?
what if you got the opportunity to travel whether you have a job offer or a scholarship would you go for this decision or not? and which factors would impact your decision?
okay do you travel a lot internally in egypt?
well, can you tell us about a travel here in egypt you like the most, the place was very nice, and the activities you did there for example tell us about the traveling i mean which thing you liked the most?
okay, do you consider yourself an easy person to talk to or do you need time for an ice breaking?
okay and do you feel it's difficult to deal with people from different social level, whether lower or higher than you? do you feel that you need to change your way of talking or your words?
well which trait you like most in yourself and you don't want it to change, which you like and you want to keep it?
well and which trait in others if there you can't deal with him, you can't %t .. t .. cope with this person?
okay well is there any specific issue your parents are criticizing on, they say no you have to stop doing this, or that?
okay and what stresses you and put you under stress?
well, how do you %bt .. overcome this issue? how do you overpass this .. this stress?
have you ever tried before being in an interview or in an evaluation and because there is a topic that you are not totally understand so you start speaking in english or ((to say sophisticated terms)) to let the evaluation smoothly pass and and the topic %y .. and ((the issue ends up)) and to make others feel that you got everything?
well does the other person believe that or not?
well can you live without a mobile? and why if yes or no?
okay the last question can you select anything you believe in .. anything you consider it important and persuade us of, it's not necessary a certain topic .. it can be scientific topic, it can be to complete our study, it can be something funny, or anything.
okay, okay thank you.
well, shall we start by introducing your background where are you originally from? were you in a national or international school? and which languages were taught at school english, arabic, deutsch, french?
okay
what languages were taught in the school?
okay, well and then the education career which major did you enrolled in the university? and when did you select this major?
okay, well but did you initially decide for example before when you were at school something like that or not .. or after?
okay can you tell us also about your .. your study, what do you study at university? and .. and what was your project?
well have you ever traveled abroad?
well is there any certain place that you want to go to, you would like to visit and i mean you are looking forward to go to that place?
okay what if you got the opportunity to travel for a job offer or a scholarship to travel for a long time would you take this decision or not? and what factors would %t .. impact your decision i mean?
which factors would be affecting your .. your decision?
okay well do you travel a lot internally in egypt?
well, if you .. do you consider yourself an easy person to talk to or do you need much time for ice breaking?
okay, do you find any difficulty in dealing with people of different social levels?
which trait do you like most in yourself and you don't want to change it?
well, what is the most trait in .. if present in the other person you wouldn't be able to deal with him?
well, okay what is the most thing that makes you stressed?
and how do you overcome stress, how do you act?
well have you ever tried before while you were in an interview or in an evaluation if you are not totally understanding the topic to speak in english and say complicated words to make others feel that you understand and the situation would smoothly end up?
well can you live without a mobile if yes or no and why?
okay well the last question is that can you select anything you see and you are convinced of and convince us of. anything, it can be something related to the study, it can be something funny?
okay thank you .
well shall we start by telling us about your background, where are you originally from? and was you school a national or international one? and what were the languages taught there english, arabic, deutsch, french?
okay well and then the education career in the university which major did you enroll in? and when did you decide that you want to join this major?
well, do you think of enrolling your kid in a national or in an international school? . and why for example .. what are the languages that you are considering to teach for your kids, will you enroll her in english or french school? definitely, for example you are setting a plan for that.
well, in the university what is your dream job? which job do you want to work after finishing your study? which job do you like to join i mean?
well, well can you tell us about any other job you did you have done for example after graduation, your current job or internship while you were in the university?
well, what if you got an opportunity to travel abroad whether for a job offer or scholarship will do that or not? and what decisions .. what factors would affect your decision?
okay what is the most place you would like to visit or travel to and why?
well do you usually travel much internally in egypt?
well, can you tell us about a trip that you traveled before and you enjoyed it and you liked the place very much and it was .. was very nice, and you want to go there again?
well, what is the best trait you like in yourself, you feel that you want to keep it forever?
well do you find any difficulty in dealing with people of different social levels whether lower or higher so that you would need to change your way of talking and .. your way i mean?
well what is the most thing that makes you stressed and under stress?
well how do you%bt .. %bt handle this?
have you ever tried before when you were for example in an interview or in an evaluation or when you are applying for a new job to be asked on a topic that you don't understand it and so you start talking in english and to say sophisticated terms so that the interview would smoothly end up.
well, what was the other person reaction, i mean does he appreciate that or he feels that no he could have said anything?
okay can you do without a mobile and if yes or no and why?
well, the last question can you select anything that you believe in and persuade us of, anything. it can be to to study complete studying, it can be to travel it can be anything?
thanks
okay what is your kid's school?
okay is it national or international?
well, why did you choose this school or i mean why did you choose international school?
well, which words does he usually use to express himself and in which language?
well, can you tell us what did you study in the university?
do you like more your working life or your life when you were a university student?
okay, if you got an opportunity to work in a private company for example or so would you leave teaching .. teaching work or do you like working in the university?
well do you prefer living here or to travel and immigrate abroad?
okay
do you have any role model?
do you have any role model in life?
do you find yourself an easy person to talk to or is it difficult and there is a need for ice breaking between you and others?
so is there a certain character that you find it difficult to deal with? i mean a certain character while dealing with him you find it very hard?
no no type type
do not you feel that this issue is making you under stress in certain time?
okay do you feel that you can be burden by others worries and forget yours? and forget your troubles and it ends by solving others' problems and keeping yours.
if someone want to work in any company i mean he is not a ta or a doctor so you think that the master would be something beneficial?
what do you do in the morning when you wake up?
do you have certain activity on the weekends?
okay okay
do you have certain hobby?
which meal do you like to cook the most?
do you like reading?
which book have you ever read and in which language was it?
what was it about?
if you were not working in teaching as a teacher assistant what would you do?
okay okay  did you work before in other jobs or did you do any internships during university?
okay so you basically like working in the university more than working in a private company or so.
okay is there a certain reason?
no? okay
well do you like your working life more or your life when you were a university student?
have you traveled abroad before?
where did you travel?
okay so what was the most remarkable place in the country you liked the most?
did you make friends there?
if you got the opportunity to immigrate would you like that or would you like to settle here?
okay
okay is there a specific country you which you like to travel to or to immigrate if you got the opportunity?
okay is there any moment that in which you felt that it is a turning point?
which you feel that you changed totally after it.
do you like more working individually or in team?
if there is a project you are working on, would you like to work in group or individually?
why?
okay, is there certain type of person you feel that you will not be able to deal with?
do you find any difficulty in dealing with a person with certain traits?
what?
can you please tell us what does word fawning mean?
okay can you tell us about your day starting from waking up in the morning?
which team do you cheer?
okay is there a certain activity that you do during the weekend?
okay okay do you have certain hobby that you like to practice in your free time?
okay, which online game do you like to play?
okay okay  definitely you listen to music?
would you like to listen to arabic or english songs and who is your preferred singer?
okay what .. what is your dream job? or let's start from the beginning what makes you choose your major computer science?
okay what would you like to work when you grow up, your dream job?
okay i will say in other words would you like to work in the university in the academic field or would you like to work in a private agency?
private company
okay okay
regarding indonesia have you ever traveled elsewhere besides indonesia?
okay and what is the most thing you like in the country you traveled to?
okay did you make friends there? if yes are you still in contact or not?
okay which place you would like to visit or which country would you like %t .. to travel to.
why?
okay, what if you got the opportunity to travel abroad, %t .. would you accept this opportunity or do you prefer to settle in egypt?
okay
could you please tell me about the last trip you did internally in egypt?
okay do you have a role model?
do you have a role model in something?
why then?
okay regarding your part-time job i will ask you a question would you rather be liked or respected? and why?
which thing you like the most in yourself?
okay okay  is there a certain type of character that you find hard to deal with, if a person has that character you would know that it would be very hard to deal with that person .
okay
all of us all of us
okay have you ever tried before to speak in english just to pretend that you understand everything but actually you're not?
i mean while talking in certain topic you interfere some english words to loook as if you understand and so ..
okay
okay since we are in the technology era do you like technology can you live without your mobile or not?
why?
i'm not convinced i feel that i'm little overrated.
i mean i feel that someone like us that study, work, and travel to make the take the bachelor and to make master's so we go on in the education path.
i feel that they don't think
i feel that may be we are much more educated compared to them.
i feel that they don't know anything except kicking the ball.
definitely, it would never be the same as the football player get paid.
so much.
nobody.
i'm convinced actually
thank you
okay can you tell us what do you do every morning?
how do you start your day?
okay do you have certain activity that you like doing on the weekends?
okay do you like reading?
do you like reading in arabic or in english?
and what is the most book you like to read?
okay, what is the story you have read before and you feel that you want to reread again?
i mean it influenced you.
it taught you something.
okay, do you like listening to music?
do you have certain favorite singer you enjoy listening to?
okay do you like listening to arabic or english songs?
can you tell us about activities you are practicing besides college?
after graduation what is your dream job?
%bt i mean where would you like to work?
initially, would you like to work in the academic field for example and to do masters and phd and so on or do you want to work in a private company?
okay, in college do you prefer working in individual projects or in group projects and why?
why?
okay have you ever traveled abroad before?
where did you travel?
can you tell us about the best place you enjoyed visiting in egypt?
and what activities did you do there?
okay what if you got the opportunity to travel abroad would you accept it or would you like to settle here in egypt?
would you continue living in egypt?
do you feel that traveling abroad has benefits i mean does it have pros and cons?
why do you believe in that?
okay do you feel that your character has changed after joining engineering in general?
do you have a role model or an example in certain field %bt i mean a model you think that you want to be like or to learn something from?
okay, currently if you were in charge of a team and you were the team leader and there is a task that should be done would you like i mean the question says would you rather be liked or respected?
would you prefer people doing the task out of loving you or respecting you, or being afraid from you?
do you feel that you are an easy person to ice break with and to talk to or is it hard to get to know someone easily and to talk to and so on?
is there a certain character of a person if met, you would feel that it would be very hard to deal with since there is certain trait in him that you would never accept?
okay, can you tell us  every morning how do you start your day? what's your daily routine?
okay, is there any activity you are practicing on the weekends?
what is the most hobby you like practicing in your free time?
okay  which book did you like the most that you have read before and deeply influenced you? and in what language was it? arabic, english or what was it?
okay, throughout your activities in the college would you like to work more individually or in team work?
do you have certain favorite singer that you would like to listen to or ..
do you like more working life i mean or do you like more your life as a university student studying and so on? i mean since you have worked before as a part-timer in a certain agency and so on.
okay do you like working individually or in teams? in any other project at work, outside work, or in any other place?
do you prefer working in a group, i mean a team, or individually?
okay what if someone in your team felt that he is depressed and that he couldn't go on in the project and so on were you %bt .. actually how do you motivate and encourage each other.
okay have you traveled abroad before and if yes where did you travel?
okay can you tell us what do you do in your day since you wake up in the morning?
okay do you have certain hobbies that you like practicing in your free time for example listening to music, watching certain movies?
okay can you tell us what is your favorite song? and is it arabic or english?
okay can you tell us about what was the last movie you have recently watched?
or the movie you like watching the most and you have watched it more than once
can you tell us about its story and what was its name?
okay why did you choose to be in the academic life and to work in the university?
why didn't you think of working in a private company or so?
okay what's your dream job?
i mean if you completed masters here in the university and you decided not to resume as a teacher and wanted to work in a company ((where do you find yourself))?
okay while standing you class and for example you ask your students to do certain task would you like them to do it out of fear or out love?
so they do it out of love i mean not out of respect only?
certain task.
do you miss your life as a university student i mean the university life or do you like more working life and so on?
okay is there any moment when you felt that it is a turning point and so on?
which happened that before i used to think in a certain way but after that point i'm thinking in a different way.
or for example i wanted to join a certain faculty but i joined another one.
is there anything that changed your direction i mean.
okay, did you like working in teams or did you like more to work for example individually in projects? and .. and why?
i mean tell me how do you see everything?
okay do you have a role model for example?
for example in your social life is there anyone that you want to be like?
in your life while studying for example is there any doctor or anybody that you %bt look up to i mean?
okay have you ever tried before in which you were not totally understanding the topic. have you tried to speak in english so that you would appear to be understanding everything and so on?
okay, can you tell us how do you start your day? what do you when you wake up every morning? what is your daily routine?
do you do a certain activity in the weekends?
i mean is there anything you like doing or for example do you like playing sport? anything?
okay can you tell us about the last movie you watched?
or the most movie you like
okay do you like reading?
okay can you tell us about to whom you like reading the most?
and is it in english or arabic?
and which book greatly influenced you?
what is your dream job if you weren't a ta what would you like to work?
can you tell us about the internship or a full-time part-time jobs that you have done before being a ta?
okay can you tell us about a moment in your life when you felt that it is a turning point?
for example before it you used to think in a certain way but after you think that your mindset has changed or something in your personality has changed?
okay, do you usually like at work or when you were a student to work individually or in group project? and why?
why do you choose this option?
do you have a certain role model in your life someone %bt you look up to for example in your social life or in the university life? a role model?
do you consider yourself a person .. an easy person to talk to or a difficult one, that people need more time to ice break with you and so?
okay,  is there a certain character if you met you can't deal with? or you won't accept?
because of certain certain quality
can you do without a mobile? and why?
okay can you tell us what do you do every morning and so on?
okay on the weekends do you have certain plans or certain activities? or not .. i mean can you tell us what do you do on the weekends?
do you have certain hobbies or certain sport you like playing? or a sport that you like cheering? i mean every .. tell us more about your hobbies?
okay you listen to songs of course %s?
okay can you tell us %b .. do you like more listening to arabic or english?
and who is your favorite singer?
okay can you tell us about the movie you like the most or what is the last movie you watched? and why did it influenced you? and why did you like the story?
okay can you tell us after graduation what would you like to work?
what is your dream job?
okay did you do internship or have you ever tried full-time or part-time anywhere before?
okay can you tell us about one of them and what experience did you get?
okay since you have tried before to work somewhere do you think that your life while being a university student is better or working life is much better?
sightseeing?
do you like reading?
i mean haven't you tried to read a book before? arabic? english?
okay is there any moment when you feel that it is a turning point and that your life path has changed after this point.
for example you wanted to join certain faculty but you joined another one.
did you want certain major while you had to join another major.
i mean any period in your life when you feel that it is a turning point.
did you feel that it change something in your personality for example?
okay at college would you like to work individually or in team work and why?
do you have a role model? a role model for you in a certain field? on in your social life do you find someone for example sociable so you would like to be like him? or you find someone successful so you want to learn from him?
i can be someone of your family, someone your friends, someone from .. people studying in the university.
okay, do you see yourself someone easy to talk to or do you feel that it's difficult for others to start talking to you because maybe you need more time to get to know each other or to ice break and so on?
okay  which trait do you like the most in yourself and you feel that people like it as well?
okay is there certain character that you can't deal with because he has certain trait that i don't like it?
it's the .. the project now i mean we do these things for build machine or something on machine will help people to predict others and if .. if he is a student or he works or something .. how would he speak in which way so it would direct the person who asks or people on work how to deal with him and how to ask in certain way.
okay can you tell us how do you start your day?
what's your daily routine?
can you tell us what do you do on the weekends? if you have certain plans or activities that you like practicing?
do you have certain hobby that you like practicing? do you read for example? do you practice sports?
can you tell us which book you read before that you liked and influenced you the most? and if you remember certain quote that you liked from it? and was it in english or arabic?
okay which movie do you like watching the most? that you have watched more than once? or the last movie you have watched? i mean could you tell us the story?
okay what if you weren't working now as as i mean ta what would be your dream job what would you like to work?
okay do you think that your life now in the working life is better compared to your university life as a student?
okay have you traveled abroad before?
okay can you tell us about your last trip in egypt where did you travel? and .. and what experience that was there i mean?
do you have a role model or someone that you want to be like him in your life for example or in your working field?
do you feel yourself %sh .. an easy person to deal with or do people need more time to get to know you and at the beginning you don't talk much and so?
is there certain trait if found in someone .. i mean if this trait is in someone yo u would not be able to deal with him?
that's it i'm sure that i will not be able to deal with this person because he has certain trait that i don't like?
okay can you tell us about your daily routine. when do you get up? go to college %t .. i mean tell us every morning when you wake up what do you do?
do you have certain activities you are practicing on the weekend or how do you spend the weekend?
okay do you have certain hobbies you like %t .. practicing i mean?
okay have you traveled abroad before?
okay can you tell us where did you travel and what experience you got from there and which place did you like the most i mean.
what if you got the opportunity for a scholarship or for working abroad would you accept that? i mean to immigrate abroad or would yo you prefer to go on and live here?
and why?
okay do you have a role model, i mean a role model in certain field for example?
okay i will ask you a question would you rather be liked or respected?
i mean would you like when you ask someone to do something to do it out of love or out of respect or because he is for example afraid of you for example?
do you believe that you are an easy person to talk to or it's hard to ice break with others or is it easy to get to know others from the beginning?
okay can you tell us what do you do every morning? i mean what's your daily routine?
okay can you tell us about the plans you have on the weekends and if there are certain hobbies you like practicing for example?
okay can you tell us would you like reading in arabic or in english and which book you have read that affected you, and if there is a certain quote you can tell us and so?
okay can you tell us have you ever traveled abroad before or not?
okay where did you travel internally in egypt, and which city did you like the most .. i mean sorry which place did you like most in egypt as an experience and so.
well, what if you get the opportunity to travel abroad would you accept that or not .. i mean for a scholarship for example or so or would you much like to settle with your parents in egypt?
okay  i will ask you a little more personal question which moment have you ever felt that it is a turning point and that before you used to think in certain way while after it your mindset and your whole life direction has changed.
for example some people mentioned that they had wanted another college but they joined the college .. i mean for example they had wanted college a but they joined college b.
someone told us before that her turning point was when she gave birth before that she wasn't used to have any responsibility then she felt that there is someone that she has to be responsible of.
so can you tell us the moment which you felt is your turning point?
okay  do you have a role model someone who is a role model .. role model for you?
okay, there is a question would you rather be liked or respected, which one would you choose? and why?
okay, do you consider yourself an easy person to deal with or is it hard to easily ice break with others?
okay can you tell us about your daily routine? i mean what do you do every morning?
okay do you have any specific plans you are practicing on the weekends?
okay, for sure you listen to songs.
okay can you tell us .. well do you like reading?
okay can you tell us about the last book you have read? was it in english or arabic? and can it be if there is something about it that affected you .
okay, can you tell us about the last movie you have watched? or which movie do you like and it affected you? and can it be to tell us about something about it that affected you.
okay have you traveled abroad before?
okay can you tell us about which countries have you traveled to? and which sightseeing did you like the most? and which place did you like the most and want to visit it again?
okay did you make friends there? if yes, are you still in contact or not?
okay can you tell us about a domestic trip in egypt a place you have traveled in egypt and you felt that that it's a good place and you would recommend it to other people and so on?
okay what if you got an opportunity for a scholarship or for immigration abroad, would you like that or not? and .. and why?
okay is there any role model in your life? it can be for example %k .. if we talk about social life or for example your life at college?
okay can you live without a mobile? and why?
okay can you tell us what do you do in your day when you wake up, what's your daily routine?
okay do you have any certain hobbies that you like practicing in your leisure time or anytime?
okay do you like more listening to english or arabic songs?
okay do you have a favorite movie or singer that you like listening to?
could you tell us about the story of the movie you watched and you liked the most?
okay what if you got the opportunity to travel abroad for a scholarship or for immigration, would you like to do that? or would you much prefer to settle in egypt?
okay do you like reading?
look i like reading but i'm so much lazy in reading but i like reading.
okay do you prefer reading arabic or english books?
look it depends on the context for example if i will read an arabic book and it's a novel, so yes the novel actually is oriental so i will read it from .. from arabic author.
but if there is something scientific definitely i will go for english so as to be sure that it is a more reliable source no more.
okay is there anybody whom you consider as a role model in your life? someone you look up to and you want to be like him and to learn something from him?
okay there is a question about would you rather be liked or respected? which one would you choose and why?
can you tell us what's your daily routine when you wake up in the morning? and what do you usually do in the beginning of the day?
wow
do you have certain hobbies or certain plan you like practicing on the weekend?
do you like reading in arabic or in english? and would you share us with any book you like reading? and a favorite quote for example or anything to be said?
okay, so now you have mentioned that you will quit working as a ta
what would you like to work? what's your dream job?
okay
okay, do you have a role model or role model in .. in your life for example whether at college or outside college?
okay do you consider yourself an easy person to talk to or not .. or a difficult person to ice break with or an easy person to talk to smoothly when you get to know new people?
okay, there is a question about would you rather be liked or respected? which one would you choose and why?
in class as a ta for example.
okay can you tell us what do you do every morning when you wake up? what's your daily routine?
okay, do you have any specific plans on the weekends or hobbies that you like practicing or so?
okay do you like reading?
okay do you remember the last book you have read was in english or in arabic? and did it affect you?
a story for example.
okay could you tell us about the story of the last movie you have watched?
okay have you traveled abroad before?
okay can you tell us about an internal trip in egypt to a place that you liked?
okay, what if you got an opportunity to travel abroad for a scholarship or for immigration would you accept and like doing that or would you much prefer to settle in egypt?
okay have you passed by a moment which you felt was a turning point? before which you was thinking in a certain way but later on your character and your mindset changed?
okay when you were a student did you prefer to work  individually on a project or to work in group as a team?
okay what if someone in the team was depressed and felt that you will not be done or so how did you %b .. keep up the spirit to keep going?
okay do you have a role model in your life? someone who is your role model in certain field?
okay there is a question about would you rather be liked or respected which one would you choose?
don't you feel that being too much into technology would affect the communication between people?
can you choose anything to persuade us of?
anything
i'm totally convinced
thank you.
okay can you tell us about your daily routine?
what do you do when you get up in the morning?
okay can you tell us what do you do on the weekends? what plans do you have and what hobbies do you like practicing?
okay, do you like reading?
okay can you tell us about the last movie you have watched or a movie you liked the most and liked its story which affected you?
okay, of course you listen to music.
okay can you tell us do you like listening to arabic or english songs and what is the name of your favorite singer for example or a song that you like?
okay can you tell us .. tell us about a place that you visited in egypt and liked it?
the question means do you feel that this situation changed your mindset or ((that before you used act in certain way and then you totally changed)) i mean my character changed not only at college, i mean the question is in general.
okay at college do you like working in groups or to work individually on a project, and why?
okay do you have a role model in your life or i mean a role model
okay  is there certain character  you can't deal with?
i mean certain trait that you don't like the other person to have so you're quite assure that you won't be able to deal with him or it's hard to deal with.
okay can you tell us about something that your parents %by .. criticize you on?
something your parents highlights that you have to change or to modify it.
i believe as well that you are talking from a mechanical perspective, vehicles, wires, and so whereas computer science is not limited to this. in computer science there is software, game development, web development many things that are far away from robot programming or vehicles programming or so.
okay can you start by telling us about your background, where are you originally from, and was your school national or international one?
okay can you tell us how do you start your day? what's your daily routine?
do you have certain plans on the weekend? or for example do you have certain hobbies that you like practicing?
okay do you like listening to music?
okay do you like reading?
okay can yo us about the topics you search? i mean that .. that you are interested in?
ai
okay   can you tell us about the last movie you watched or about the movie you liked the most or could you tell us the story of the movie you like the most.
okay have you ever traveled abroad?
okay  have you traveled internally inside egypt? have you visited for example luxor, aswan, dahab?
okay can you tell us about a trip that you have traveled, what did you do there, and if there is a certain place you have visited and you liked it.
okay, can you tell us which period have you felt that that it's a turning point?
you were before .. someone and while after this moment yo u became someone else or your mindset changed and if that changed something in your character tell us as well.
okay  when you were at college or even now do you like working more in teams or to work individually on any project? and why?
okay do you have a role model? for example in your work scope or in your social life in general? is there someone that you like and want to be like him in one aspect of his personality?
okay there is question about would you rather be liked or respected? which one would you choose?
okay can you tell us how do you start your day? and what's your daily routine when you get up in the morning?
okay  you are listening to english or arabic songs, and can you tell us which song do you like most and which singer do you like listening to?
okay would you like reading?
do you like writing about certain topics? can you show us some of your writings?
can you tell us about when you .. graduate god's willing what's your dream job? i mean do you see yourself working in .. in a company for example software development or web development or game development or do you want to make masters or i mean would you join academic field or would you join the practical life and work in a private agency and so?
okay have you ever tried to do internships or to work part-time or full-time somewhere else than the other place you did the internship that you told us about can you tell us about your experience how was it like?
okay out of your experience do you think which is better the working life or your life as a university student? and why .. why did you choose this option, explain why did you choose this option?
okay can you tell us  about a moment in your life that was a turning point, before which your life was moving in a certain path while after this moment you changed your mindset after this moment your character changed and so on.
okay at college would you like to work projects in groups or do you like to work individually and .. and why?
okay do you have a role model in .. for example in your study or in your social life in general, is there somebody who is your role model in certain field?
okay there is a question says would you rather be liked or respected, which one would you choose and why?
okay is there certain trait in .. in others that you can't deal with?
okay, what situation makes you anxious, i mean what irritates you? or which situation in general makes you irritated?
okay, have you ever tried to talk in english in a situation that don't know the .. the topic you are talking about and to speak too much english words to make others feel that you understand everything and so on?
thank you
okay can you tell us what do you do every morning? what's your daily routine? when you get up what do you do?
okay this is very good
okay have you ever tried reading before?
would you like reading?
okay would you prefer reading in arabic or in english?
okay, is there any quote or say you have read in a book that you liked and like to use it in your life.
okay, no problem?
do you like listening to songs?
okay can you tell us the name of your favorite singer or band you like listening to?
okay can you tell us about the last movie you have watched or a movie that you watched and like to watch it several times i mean you liked the story as it affected you, can you tell us the story of this movie?
okay have you ever traveled abroad before?
okay can you tell us where do you want to travel? and why?
which country would you like to visit?
yes, this is right.
okay, can you tell us about a trip that was internally in egypt and the sightseeing you have watched %kt .. for example you have been to a temple in certain place or have you been to a place where there are nice natural scenes.
okay what if you got the opportunity for a scholarship or for a job offer to travel abroad .. would you accept that or would you to settle here with your parents in egypt.
okay have you felt in certain moment that it was a turning point?
okay at college did you like working individually or in .. in teams in any project? and why?
okay there is a question says would you rather be liked or respected? which one would you choose? and why?
okay do you have a role model in your life? someone you consider as a role model in .. can be at work, it can be in your social life, at home.
okay so answer then.
yes
okay can you tell us how do you start your day?
and i go to sleep.
okay do you have certain hobbies that you like practicing or do you have certain plans on the weekend?
okay do you like reading?
okay in arabic or in english?
okay do you like listening to songs?
okay, can you tell us the story of a movie you have watched and you like it? and why did it affect you?
okay okay i will ask you a question since you talked about this issue.
there is a question which is would you rather be liked or respected?
which one would you choose and why?
why?
okay.
okay  which words can you taught her while she is young?
i mean would you teach her to express herself arabic or english or français and why?
okay, when you were at college what would you like to work?
what was your dream job?
this is good.
but it has nothing to do with the major?
okay
did you do internships or have you worked part-time or full-time anywhere?
okay what if we compared your life now to your life as a student which is better?
okay
some people mentioned that because when you are a student you have a three month vacation for example?
okay can you tell us which moment did you feel was a turning point before which your life was in a certain direction and then ..?
okay did that change your character?
okay
and why?
okay have you ever faced a situation that you have to talk about a certain topic that you know nothing about, so you tried to interfere english words so as to pretend that you understand and to end the topic quickly?
okay can you live without a mobile and why?
okay can you choose anything and persuade us of?
anything.
that's it.
okay here you go.
i didn't know this info.
it's valuable.
thank you
okay, can you tell us what do you do every morning? what's your daily routine?
okay do you have certain hobbies that you like practicing or do you have certain plans on the weekend?
okay.
okay can you tell us about a quote that you have read before and you like it, and affected you? i mean certain quote that you like applying in your life?
okay, can you tell us about the a movie that you like and like its story? or the last movie you have watched?
okay do you have a certain book that you have read before and influenced you?
okay, what would you like to work when you %t .. graduate? what's your dream job?
okay,  did you do internships anywhere before or did you work part-time or full-time anywhere? and if yes, can you tell us about your experience?
okay do you think your working life is much better or your life as a student? is before graduation differ than after graduation and which is better and why?
okay, can you tell us is there any moment in your life that you felt .. was a turning point?
okay, who is your role model in life? it can be a role model at .. at work, it can be .. or sorry at college, or it can be in your social life. do you see someone for example who is .. dealing with others in certain way for example and you want to be like him?
okay, okay there was a question would you rather be liked or respected which one would you choose?
because i feel that he is not predictable, he can bark and bite you at any time.
okay thank you.
okay can you tell us about your daily routine? what do you do when you get up in the morning?
okay do you have certain hobbies that you like practicing?
okay do you like reading?
okay do you remember what was the last book you have read? or the book that for example has the most impact on you? and whether it is in english or arabic? and if you can share us with a quote for example that you like.
okay, .. do you like watching movies or can you tell us the story of the last movie you have watched?
okay do you like listening to music? and if yes do you like to arabic or english songs as well?
okay have you ever tried joining clubs at college? was it for charity or sports-related for example?
okay  what if you didn't find a job at college what would be your dream job? what would you like to work?
okay  did you do internship before anywhere?
okay in your opinion which do you like more working life or your life when you were a student?
and .. and why do you believe in that? for example is in terms of responsibilities or vacations.
okay who is your role .. role model in your life, at work in the university in your practical life?
okay  there is a question would you rather be liked or respected which one would you choose? and why?
okay,  do you consider yourself an easy person to deal with or i sit hard to get to know you or to ice break with you?
which quality do you like the most in yourself? and why? that you never want to change it.
okay what is the most trait if .. or quality if found in the other person it would be hard to deal with because you don't like or accept such trait
okay is there anything your family criticize you on?
for example clean up your room or stop doing %t .. this thing for example ..
okay well  can you tell me something about yourself that you consider it weird something weird?
can you tell us what do you do every morning and what's your daily routine?
do you have certain plans on the weekends? or for example do you have certain hobbies that you like practicing?
okay can you tell us do you like reading can you tell us do you like reading in arabic or in english? or which type of books do you like reading? which book do you like reading the most i mean that you like and can read it again?
okay  do you like watching movies and can you tell us about the last movie you have watched or can you tell us about the story of a movie that you like.
okay you have said that you weren't never expecting to work as a ta, what was your dream job?
okay.
okay can you tell us if you did an internships before can you tell us about what did you used to do? what what were your tasks?
okay   okay would you prefer working life or your life as a student i mean in terms of days off for example, in terms of responsibilities? and .. and why do you prefer that?
okay when you were at college did yo you prefer working in teams or individually on any project? and .. and why?
okay who is your role model at .. for example at college or i mean when you were studying or in your practical life? do you have a role model and so?
okay there is a question would you rather be liked or respected which one will you choose? and why?
okay can you tell us what do you do every morning? what's your daily routine?
okay do you have certain things to do on weekends? or for example do you have certain hobby that you like practicing?
okay, well  can you tell us what's your favorite sport?
well  do you like listening to songs?
okay can you tell us arabic or english songs? or is there certain type that you like listening?
okay can you tell us the story of a movie that you have watched and you liked it? or the most recent movie you have watched that you liked.
okay do you like reading? or have you ever read any books before?
okay can you tell us in which language do you like reading?
okay what if you didn't work as a ta or when you were a student what was your dream job?
okay can you tell us about the experience you gained.
okay can you tell us do you like more the working life or your life as a student? i mean which one is much better for you? would you like to return back as a student or would you like to go on working? and why?
it can be in terms of responsibilities, days off.
okay which moment in your life that you felt was a turning point?
okay did you feel that change something in your character?
okay when you were at college did you like working in teams or do you like to work individually on any project?
is there certain reason for that?
is there anybody that you can consider your role model? whether at work or in your practical life?
okay
okay there is a question about would you rather be liked or respected? which one would you choose?
but for example  and when you for example teaching at class would you like students to like you more or it doesn't matter but to respect you is much important?
okay can you tell us what do you do when you get up every morning?
what's your daily routine?
okay well  do you have certain hobbies that you like practicing?
but to be the first ones
okay when you read do you like reading in arabic or in english? and is there certain type of writing do you like?
okay okay  do you like listening to songs.
okay okay can you tell us a bout a movie that you like watching or you have watched more than once, can you tell us its story?
okay
and when you were at college have you joined before any clubs or have you participated in any student activities?
okay can you tell me if there is a moment in your life that you felt was a turning point?
okay when you were at college did you like working in groups or did you like working individually on projects? and why?
do you consider yourself someone easy to talk to, or is it hard for others to deal with you, can they instantly get to know you or do they need time for ice breaking?
can you tell us how do you start your day? what's your daily routine?
okay do you like listening to arabic or english songs and do you have certain band or singer that you like listening to?
okay  do you have certain plans or certain things to do on the weekends?
okay do you like reading?
okay is there any quote that you have read in a book and you liked it or you like applying in your life?
which book have you read the most and if yo u can briefly tell us about its story?
which movie have you watched and liked its story? and if you would like can you tell us the story?
okay can you tell us about what's .. your dream job if you were not working as a ta in the university?
okay okay can you tell us about an experience that you gained from an internship that you did before or from a part-time or full-time work?
okay do you much prefer the practical life, the working life or your life as a student? and why?
okay, which moment do you feel was a turning point?
okay do you feel that this changed something in your character?
okay okay while you were at college do you like working in teams or do you like working on projects individually?
okay do you have a role model in your life? whether while studying at college or in your practical life?
okay there is a question would you rather be liked or respected? which one would you choose and why?
and i get convinced
thank you
okay, can you tell us what are you doing every morning? what's your daily routine?
okay, do you have certain plans in the weekends or certain hobbies that you like to practice?
okay, do you like listening to songs?
okay, do you like listening to arabic and english? and can you tell us if you have a favorite song or  singer or a certain band you would like to hear?
okay,  do you like to read?
okay, have you tried .. if you tried reading you would read in arabic and english? and why did you choose this language?
okay, can you tell us about a movie you watched and you liked its plot, the most movie you like or the last one?
okay, when you grow up, get married and have kids, you would like to join them to a national or international school? and what language they will study? and why?
okay,  if you .. you have said that since you were young, you want to be an actor or a director, so the opportunity .. besides acting, do you have another dream job?
okay, have you tried to take an internship or work full-time or part-time?
okay, in your opinion working life is better or your life now as a student? in terms of for example vacations or responsibilities?
okay, have you felt in a moment in your life that it was a turning point? before that you were thinking in a certain way or seeing your life going in a direction and then it became in another direction or something changed your personality?
okay, now while you are in college, would you like to work on projects in teams or individually? and why?
okay, is there anyone you consider him your ideal whether in your study life, your college, your own life or in your direction in acting? is there anyone who is your role model in a certain thing?
okay, here is a question which asks would you rather be liked or respected? which one will you choose? and why?
okay, can you tell us what are you doing every morning? what's your daily routine?
as you like
okay, do you have certain plans in the weekends or certain hobbies that you like to practice?
okay, do you like reading?
okay, do you like to read in arabic or in english? and can you tell us a book which you liked .. a book that you liked or a certain quote that you read in it and affected you and took it as an approach?
you confused me
okay, can you tell us the story of one of the two books?
okay, do you listen to songs?
okay, do you like listening to english or arabic songs?
okay, for example which song you like the most, or the singer you love the most?
okay, we all love amr diab
okay, can you tell us the story of a movie that you like and affected you or the last movie you watched?
okay, when you grow up and have kids, you would like to join them to a national or international school? and what language they will study? and why?
okay, when you grow up, what is your dream job? where you want to work?
what do you want to do?
okay, for example siemens is a company that contains all fields, it contains engineers, hr and everything, its not .. what you want to work in siemens for example? to do .. to code .. to do
you are pretty
okay, in college, would you like to work in groups or do you like to work on project individually? and why?
but, do not you feel like if you worked in a group, you may .. your mate in the group does not finish his task, so you will get low grade?
i mean some people said that working on my own is much better as i can manage my time as i want, and if i rely on someone, we may not be able to agree on the same dates or someone may procrastinate?
okay, here is a question which asks would you rather be liked or respected? which one will you choose? and why?
liked
why?
okay, who is your role model for example in your study, in your practical life or in the .. in volley which you play, he may be a celebrity, one of your family or somebody who is teaching you in the college?
okay,  ..
thank you
okay, can you tell us about hobbies that you like to practice?
okay, do you like listening to songs? and if yes, would you like to hear in arabic or in english?
okay, is there a certain singer you listening to his songs? or a certain song you like to listen to?
okay, can you tell us about a movie that you watched and you liked its plot and influenced you?
okay, can you tell us when .. i mean when you were young, what was your dream job? and now, after you joined your college, what would you like to work?
okay, can you tell us about an internship you have took before or a place where you worked full-time or part-time in it?
okay,  would you rather the practical life, when you will graduate and have a job, i mean the working life or your life in college as you are still a student?
well, have you ever traveled abroad?
okay, can you tell us where did you travel? i mean what countries did you visit before or if there is a place you liked and want to go there again?
is there a certain country you want to visit?
okay, why?
okay, if you get a scholarship opportunity or a job abroad, will you accept or not? and why?
well, can you tell us about a place you visited in egypt that you liked it? tell us about the experience in it?
did you visit any place there? alexandria library for example?
okay, can you tell us about a moment in your life that you felt that it is a turning point?
okay, did this change anything in your personality?
okay, in college, do you like working in teams or individually in .. on any project? and why?
okay, is there anyone you consider him your ideal, a role model in a certain thing, let us say in your career, your college, your life, your church or in home?
okay, here is a question which asks would you rather be liked or respected? which one will you choose? and why?
okay, can you tell us about your daily routine? what do you do every morning when you wake up?
okay, do you used to do a certain thing in the weekends? do you have certain plans?
okay, you said that you used to read, can you tell us about the book that you are reading? or in general, in which language would you like to read, arabic for example? english? which language? and .. and what type would you like to read, let us say literature or .. or a novel for example or what?
okay, would you like to encourage a particular sport or play a certain one?
okay, do you like listening to songs? and if yes, would you like listening to arabic or in english songs? can you tell us about your favorite song?
okay, can you tell us about a movie you watched and its story influenced you, or the last movie you saw for example?
well, what do you want to do when you finished your college? what is your dream job?
okay, can you tell us about an internship you have took before or a full-time or a part-time job? and what is the experience that you got from that job?
well, in your opinion, which is better? working life or your life as a student?
okay, have you ever traveled abroad?
well, is there a certain country you want to travel to?
okay, is there a specific place you want to visit there? that's why you want to go to this country?
okay, can you tell us about a travel you did inside egypt? and tell us about the experience there?
okay, can you tell us about a period in your life in which you felt that it is a turning point?
when i switched
okay, did you feel that this changed anything in your personality? tell us what has changed?
okay, in college, do you like working in teams or individually on any project? and why?
but, some people said that if they worked in .. in teams for example, you can't rely on them, so i would rather take the responsibility of the whole project, so why you choose to work with a team?
okay
okay, is there anyone you consider him your ideal in your life? whether in the college or in your practical life?
why?
insisting
okay, here is a question which asks would you rather be liked or respected? which one will you choose? and why?
why?
well, do you consider yourself a person who people can talk with him easily or its hard to break the ice with you? and why?
okay, do you have difficulty to deal with people of different social levels?
this means that you can not deal with people for example who are higher or lower than you at the social level?
okay, what is the personal trait that you like the most in yourself and you do not want it to change at all?
okay, is there a certain trait or a nature if you found in a person, no way you can deal with him? i mean a trait that you do not like to be in the person who you are dealing with?
okay, can you tell us about the most common situation you can be nervous about?
how do you act at the .. at this time?
okay, have you tried before talking with someone in english and acting like you can understand him just to keep on track but originally you don't understand the topic?
okay, can you live without mobile? and why?
well, can you choose something and convince us of it? this the last question
we too, god
well, can you tell us about how your day begins? what is your daily routine?
okay, can you tell us about the series that you are watching, its story, or if you want to tell us about the story of a movie that you watched and affected you?
well, do you like listening to songs?
okay, do you like listening to arabic or english songs? and can you tell us if you have a favorite song or a singer you like listening to?
okay, okay do you like reading?
okay  can you tell us what do you do in the crossfit?
can you tell us what's your dream job, what would you like to work when you grow up?
okay, did you take any steps to achieve this dream or how would reach it out?
okay, you mentioned that you worked part .. are you part-time now?
in your opinion life is much better as a working life or as a student life?
okay can you tell us about a moment when you feel that it was a turning point?
okay did you feel that it changed your personality when you took this decision?
okay there is a question would you rather be liked or respected, which one do you choose and why?
okay okay when you were at college did you like to work in teams or individually on any project, and why?
okay, do you have any role model in .. whether in study, or in your life in general, for example for the acting that you want to reach, do you have any role model?
okay, can you tell us what do you do when you get up every morning? what's your daily routine?
okay, do you have certain plans on the weekends? for example certain hobbies that you like to practice?
okay, okay do you like reading?
okay, can you tell us do you like reading in arabic or in english and if there is a book that has an impact on you for example if there is a quote you get from it that you like applying in your life?
okay okay, do you like listening to songs?
okay, do you like listening to arabic or english songs and who is the singer do you like listening to the most?
there is nothing in specific.
can you tell us about the movie story, the movie that has the greatest impact on you and if there is no specific movie can you tell us about the story of the last movie you have watched?
can you tell us its story?
okay after finishing college what would you like to work? what's your dream job.
what.
okay can you tell us about part-time job or full-time job that you worked i mean or if you did an internship can you tell us about the experience you gained.
okay do you think that working life is better than your life as a student?
why?
can you tell us which period in your life that you felt was a turning point?
okay and what did that change in your character?
okay when you were at college did you like working in teams or individually on any project?
can you tell us why did you choose to work in teams.
do you have a role model? a role model in a specific field?
in study, in life, in the .. the .. for example in a sport that you practice?
okay okay there is a question would you rather be liked or respected, which one would you choose and why?
can you tell us what do you do every morning, what's your daily routine?
okay okay do you have certain hobbies that you like practicing?
okay do you like reading?
okay okay do you like listening to songs?
okay can you tell us about the movie you like the most and tell us its story or the last movie you have watched?
okay okay what would you like to work after finishing your college? what's your dream job.
okay did you take internship before anywhere or to work full-time or part-time?
okay  from your own point of view is working life better than your life as a student, and why?
okay can you tell us about a moment that you felt was a turning point?
okay did you feel that it changed something in your character?
okay okay when you were at college did you like working in teams or individually on any project? and why?
okay, do you have a role model, a role model in your life whether in study, in your social life, at home?
okay do you consider .. sorry .. there is a question would you rather be liked or respected, which one would you choose and why?
okay do you have certain hobbies that you like practicing?
okay do you like reading?
do you read in arabic or in english? is there a specific book that has a great impact on you that you would like to tell us what was it about?
okay  %bt you like watching movies of course.
okay can you tell us what was the movie you have watched and had a great impact on you, can you briefly tell us the story or tell us about the last movie you watched if there is no specific movie actually?
okay can you tell us what type of songs do you listen to and whether they are in arabic or in english or in other language or for example if there is certain song that you like or certain singer that you like listening to?
okay is there certain quote that you like applying in your life or you are following?
okay after graduation what would you like to work? what's your dream job?
but computer science is vague as well, i mean it includes for example software development, game development, web development, there is no specific thing?
okay can you tell us about the experience you gained from doing internship or for example from part-time or full-time work?
okay in your opinion working life is much better or your life as a student at college?
some people said for example that the student life is much better because of the vacations, the three month vacation is granted, or because of low responsibility. i'm free not to study at faculty but at work i'm committted to a deadline and i have to work so as not to get fired, so what do you think?
okay can you tell us about a moment in which you feel that it was a turning point?
okay did you feel that it changed your character?
okay when you were at college did you like working in groups or do you like working individually on any project, and why?
okay  do you have a role mode, someone who is a role model in certain thing whether in your social life or at work .. sorry .. at college?
okay there is a question would you rather be liked or respected, which one would you choose and why?
okay can you tell us when you get up every morning what's your daily routine, what do you do?
can you tell us what type of music do you like listening to if you like listening to arabic or english or there is a certain band or someone that you listen to?
no problem, no problem
okay would you like reading? have you ever tried reading before?
okay
okay  can you tell us about a movie that you have watched and that had a great impact on you?
okay okay what would you like to work when you grow up? what's your dream job after finishing college?
okay okay can you tell us about the experience you gained from the internship or from your part-time or full-time work that you did?
okay through this experience which is better the working life or your life as a university student?
okay can you tell us about a moment in which you felt that it's a turning point?
okay did you feel that it changed your character?
okay when you were at college did you like working in teams or working individually on any project, and why?
okay do you have a role model whether at work, at college, or whether in your life in general?
someone a role model?
okay there is a question about would you rather be liked or respected which one would you choose and why?
okay can you tell us how do you start your day what's your daily routine?
okay do you have certain plans on weekends?
okay do you like reading?
okay can you tell us about a movie that you have watched and liked its story, can you tell us the story?
do you like listening to songs?
do you like listening to arabic or english and can you tell us about the name of the singer you like?
okay can you tell us about through experience do you like more working life or your life as a student which one do you prefer?
okay have you traveled abroad before?
okay can you tell us where did you travel and .. and which country that you like did you visit the most and is there a place that you want to visit again?
okay can you tell us which period in your life did you feel is a turning point?
okay did you feel that it changed something in your character?
okay okay when you were at college did you like working in teams or did you like to work individually on any project and why?
okay can you tell us who is your role model, someone you consider a role model in in your life whether at work, at home, in your social life.
okay there is a question about would you rather be liked or respected? which one would you choose and why?
okay do you consider yourself an easy person to deal with or do others neeed more time to break the ice with you?
okay which trait if found in others you wouldn't be able to deal with these characters something you don't like in others?
national school.
and where were you born?
in alexandria.
computer science
smart board
how to make the board or how to using laser pointer and it will be acted as a mouse that's it.
what do you mean by what do you do in your day?
no i get up in the morning i dressed up and go to college, i take the bus, that's it.
everyday i get up at six thirty a.m.
i go to gym
cooking
pasta macaroni
yes
it was in english
it was called manuscript found in accra
it's for paulo coelho
it had a great impact on me
and it was about jerusalem before persaders invaded it.
and it was describing the the feelings of fear anxiety
all these things before knowing that other people would invade their country.
and this is their feelings.
and everyone was talking and there was a philosopher that was answering them back.
in this book?
if i correctly remember there was something called be proud of your scars that's it.
nobody
gym
i was in mun and i'm older than you before it was called sife now it's called enactus.
these are the two main activities that i was enrolled in model of united nations and what we call now enactus.
i was i was a secretary in the security council and basically a model of united nations.
they were events to mimic the events of united nations among which security council.
that was the position i was in charge of secretary position.
both
no
no
i don't know
i would like to work as a researcher rather than a teacher actually.
did you do internships before at college ..
i was in mun
in ibm
and .. and it was nice
and there was another training in siemens.
it was nice as well but still i find myself more in my career.
yes, i can say something like that
no, my life when i was a student at college
because i mean it was balanced.
it was level of freedom versus level of responsibility but not like now.
currently level of responsibility is much higher.
so there is no the same flexibility in time as before.
i want to return back as a student.
yes.
i have been to finland, turkey and german.
i have to say the last trip which was german because i had worked well there and actually it was very fruitful.
yes, i have to say yes.
yes, we are still in contact.
research stay related to phd
my phd is related usable security.
basically usable security means to have system that is both usable in terms of being convenient to the user the user should know how to use it and yet to be secured so as not to be vulnerable to different sorts of attacks.
so basically we're analyzing the different ways of attacks and we're trying now to figure out usable way to secure the the mobile systems.
yes, paris.
i have no idea but i feel that many people went there they had an experience so i can go there.
no, i would immigrate.
if it wasn't german then it would be emirates.
in german i have contacts in these countries if i traveled actually i'm determined that i will travel, work and know exactly what i want to do.
but in emirates i have besides having already many friends actually, it is a promising market.
i went to dahab.
this is the fifth or sixth time that i have been to dahab.
so no it's beautiful
i like the country very much.
we haven't any activities actually in the last trip but definitely we went to blue balls three pools.
everything in dahab actually
no
i mean my life sequence is not moving in this way.
definitely life is not moving smoothly
but i think definitely everybody can face problems at work.
but i mean for example i faced a problem at my master's time.
but that didn't hinder me from doing it.
afterwards i discovered that it was something very strong.
but the problem that occurred to me at that time was a big one and thanks god i overcame it actually.
no individual
i'm in control of every aspect of the work so that’s why i think that it is better to work on my self on my own.
no, but is there a role model in certain field?
i mean everyone i see is a role model in certain field
can you mention examples if there certain thing that you want to say.
i mean so the so so in my life for example on the personal level i believe that my mother is a great person.
at work i see that professor slim for example he's a very good teacher actually
i mean i learn something from everybody.
respected
i consider myself an easy person to deal with but you have to ask other people about it actually.
no, at all
i have no problem at all in this issue.
no, i deal normally.
i don't feel that there is any problem actually
sycophants
yes there is a term that i won't mention, those people who want to impress their boss or or so so they kept flattering him.
it's that you're you're great
you're great
you're wow
when work exceeds
i learned to classify tasks into urgent and important
do you know urgent and important distribution?
it is that if the task is urgent and important it's the first thing to be done.
urgent but not important it's the second thing that should be done and so forth.
to hide that i don't understand
yes, it happened.
no i mean, i mean what was the reaction?
no, i think it passed that's it.
no
no
because everything is there.
everything i need is there.
i need it for communication with others i mean
that's it?
okay
okay i used to live in fayoum till the first secondary then i moved to cairo because i was practicing in el bank al ahly club and .. %k swimming actually.
when i'm done there and i get to know my friends and other people and groups and so on and i get to know that there is a university called guc.
whatever my total grade was i mean i enrolled here.
whatever my total grade was i mean i enrolled here in the university.
in the beginning i wanted to joined mechatronics
and then i joined met
currently i'm more interested in web development
and i try to search for new interests.
okay, i selected the major i mean i was thinking at first about mechatronics.
i found that in met as well frankly many of my friends enrolled there and i know others who graduated.
they took the bachelor and did the masters abroad or in egypt so i liked the idea actually.
and i felt that they are in so .. i can join more than field in met.
not .. it doesn't have great reputation
met is different i mean
my bachelor is a verification of the online images.
it's supposed that i received online use and i have to make sure of the source whether it's right or not.
i check the photos whether they're correct or not, photoshopped, faked, ((corrupted)) by any means of new editors or any software applied on the image i can detect it.
to use several programming language not only one which is the only benefit in the bachelor.
i don't have a fixed routine.
i don't have something in particular to do everyday.
i can get up at seven in general i don't sleep much so i can get up .. usually i get up at five because of college and to catch the bus and so on actually so i get used to do that.
i can tell you the routine that i'm getting used to.
i was getting up, go to the exercise, return back to have breakfast.
if i have classes at college i would practice at college.
and then i continue the day at college and stayed there till six or seven something like that.
then i returned back by bus and since i live far away, i live in shoubra so it takes time so i returned back home at eight o'clock for example.
i just eat and watch anything on the internet on facebook, youtube anything and then i go to sleep.
on the  weekend most of my weekend i spend in club or .. in club or in exercise or meeting my friends or something like that but i don't travel thank god.
besides i'm getting used to swim all time but actually i don't consider this a hobby it's more a sport.
i read a lot.
and i like learning many languages as well.
there is more than one book but i can mention the most recent one.
a book called the flinch
for james something i don't remember actually james what?
it's about the flinch when you're worried when you're about any trial to worry for example about jumping from the plane or doing anything this is called flinch it means that you're hesitated.
so how do you overcome it and how do you go on in anything or try anything and not to keep waiting, something like that.
i liked it because it shows that you shouldn't wait something in specific to start working, that's it.
okay since i enrolled in college i joined two clubs.
club enactus
in the club generally we are working on projects, not logistics, or hr or something of that sort certain projects we're in charge of a project.
i was working on a project called furny cards.
we used to deal with a big company related to decorations and so.
they used to send us designs and we do  furniture by using cards.
car boards
and we know how to sell it and we used uneducated or physically disabled or mentally to do the cards or to make furniture and to sell it so as to be a profit for them.
i was in another club as well but it was race cars.
he was in charge of organizing events
and there are events that are being held here in the settlement.
we were responsible of organizing the events i join as an usher in most of the university activities.
this is most of the activities i do at college actually.
i tried both working individually of course has benefits and team work has benefits but %k .. i mean on the long run of course it has to be team work.
working individually you can reach to a point and then give up everything and you don't want to go on on anything so you quit.
no team works they encourage each others
they learn more from the mistakes you feel that you learn
working individually there is no one to revise after you so you feel that you're sleeping actually.
most of the time english but it can be arabic i like it i mean arabic that is little lebanon dialect or little far away than the egyptian culture actually.
or the old movies that we get used to watch long time ago but now i'm not following.
i mean english or arabic?
anything?
the most singer
it can be eminem
sometimes i was much listening to her because i like to enthusiasm myself during the training so i actually get used to that long time ago.
okay who else do i listen to my oh god? i listen to fayrouz so much.
about school no i don't think that i will enroll them in a national school because i was in a national school and there is no benefits.
and then i saw people from international schools and i liked their way of thinking.
it can be a german school.
pardon me what is the question once more?
what are you going to teach them when they start speak? which words would you teach them? and in which language?
i will slightly go far away from the issue of teaching them words in a specific language besides the language you are using because it's the language they will first use. i mean later on they can understand second languages.
so most of things are in arabic i don't think so i mean when we get far away from this topic we will not force you actually.
and that's it once they started to understand the languages they can understand more the meaning of the words and we can teach them the words in another language and the language that is not being used at home or the language that he can use at school or somewhere else.
what i really want to do, i don't want to be an employee or i mean by income or to work in certain company and to take income per month sorry salary monthly and i mean currently i'm searching for being an entrepreneur.
i took a courses in entrepreneurship so as to know how to make start-up how to make it abroad or in country because i'm not sure about my status  of course.
but this is the point but my dream job it's no it's my dream company for example my dream organization more than dream job.
which field?  at first i was thinking of web development because i took an experience from the internship and i took courses and so on.
but lately i mean i didn't find this topic ..
it was not my great interest
so currently, i search and ask as well the major i enrolled in .. i enrolled in because of several factors  it has several ways to learn several fields not only web development.
the reason of my bachelor i enrolled in a field that's totally different image processing to see the .. as well the work field how would it be like.
but now there is a stage that i'm searching actually.
i worked as a part-time for a while in the company i did before internship i did internship for three months.
and the manager slightly liked my work and the supervisor so he proposed part-time job so i thought of trying it.
part-time job is the same as the internship it was the same eight hours five days per week.
i used to go there at eight a.m.
it was a company located in dokki so it was slightly near to my house.
i started to be like a tracker we adjust our schedule and so on actually.
and continuously working i mean for example i used to work for example every hour i used to take a break a 15 minutes break.
we ask each other more frequently it's not a desk job and that's it.
but i mean i liked the job nature that was in the company.
yes, frankly as a student at college actually.
working life is something amazing it's beautiful but full of risks and then you're alone so if things messed up so body you have to handle it alone.
so working life is definitely good, be of its advantages is that it's risky as well and you can get profit of course ; however, student life is a little bit lazy that you love .. learning bit by bit. i mean you still have have time to learn then go for the working life instead of rushing to the working life instantly
i have tried working individually before at university and it was really exhausting and difficult
i actually succeeded as i got certain grades for example or the project became very good. i'm proud of it but i was not pleased with the journey of the project. i am not pleased with the four month project.
when i attended the internship and when i went the course, we used to take a lot of tutorials and everybody was sharing so i enjoyed that very much.
not all of us was working and there were so many problems but i felt that the team and i were supporting each other as they can explain everything to me .
until the situation became very disorganized, it was .. was a better experience rather than individual work
once before i had a partner in the team
what i am trying the most is that once you had a break, you stopped working
you don't have to exert much effort in order to reach something just stop and have a break
you take it step-by-step restored with him too tackle the problem step by step simply at all all as if we are going to learn from the beginning as if you are kids
being simple makes you feel that you're not alone and it's okay to make mistakes and it's okay that you are not as the same level as the other people so you will start feeling some security then you have energy to continue
yes i have traveled before to romania
it was a camp .. camp for two weeks
the camp was for two weeks as well  the camp was sponsored by organization international organization
the idea is that you go to this camp that has to do with swimming training that i used to attend.
you go there to train people and teach them . in addition to this, they used to have a competition by the end with fourteen members from different countries and you started talking with them about the cultures there
how do you live together? how do you eat? how do you earn money? what about your jobs?
it is as if you got to know many countries
there were a lot of places; for example, if i'm going to talk about the best place in egypt, it will be dahab, the blue hole or three pools
those were .. were great times as when we went there before, we spent .. spent three days alone in the camp
so it was really good because it's one of the best places that i have ever seen, to be honest and i will not regret traveling the long road to go there
the best place abroad? i can see that it was a really good because i have been to only one country
the country that i traveled was all about forests so the experience was new for me as i haven't seen this before in egypt at all so for me it was good and i will never forget it
of course i will travel
of course i will travel
traveling is nothing but when you want to travel and try new things, it's already an experience that helps you learn everything like how to manage your time how to manage your money and what you are going to spend on food. you will take spending money into consideration
you get to know new people so your way of thinking will change for example you spent say twenty two or twenty three years with people that have the same mindset but when you go there, you will find that the society is not easily persuaded of anything that you say
you should find a way to persuade them
so the experience was really good, it's better not to miss such chance once you got it
a turning point  in my life? once there was something related to my father, yes, my father . he was in a coma and was suffering from some problems that i started to feel more responsible.
he was in a coma for three months that i was responsible for his work and i had to deal with the problems there as .. i felt that i became more mature a little bit . it's not only about working but also leaving my family alone and being at university to finish that projects at university that i have there in addition to meeting my university colleagues so i felt that it would be better if i balanced between both of them
it taught me how to balance between them and that's it
it usually depends on the person in front of me. if i feel that the person in front of me really wants to talk with me and to ice break, i start talking with him freely but for me, i really like ice breaking . i don't like being isolated from people.
i love talking with people freely and it's not necessarily to be right or wrong or, for example, or to be upset with me or angry from me but with all my respect, of course but i really like to get along with people so you should love this and learn how to do this.
so i felt that i have .. i am educated, actually, i won't say that it's a gift but i am educated so i feel free to talk and it's okay with me no matter what as long as it's in a respectful way.
i don't know what to say, yes but i should change my way of speaking, there's a special way you use when you deal with strangers unlike the way you use to deal with those you live with. so it will be different, of course but no i can talk with them but in a different way
i mean if somebody that got used to me realized that i have totally changed my way with one hundred eighty degree so when he sees me, he will say that i am not used to speaking this way.
definitely, yes when i speak with another person so this is the way how i can let them understand my view point.so it depends. i shouldn't have only one way to let people understand my point.
i will start with the good thing but i will laugh about the weird one at the end
it's good for me a little bit. it's not about being courageous but rather about .. about being spontaneous as i say what i think at once as i don't even think about it or repeat those words
so .. definitely, i am trying to do my best avoid this disadvantages this as much as i can
but yes, i am very honest and i usually like meeting my friends
i usually like checking on people even those who don't care
i love checking on everyone
i really love .. helping people
it makes me internally pleased, it may be nonsense. i may not believe this but this is the truth.
what i usually say is that i am a little bit honest
being honest is not .. not humiliating to the one in front of me.i mean if somebody did something wrong with me and i wanted to criticize him, i won't speak with him bluntly but it's totally the opposite as i will start speaking a step by step with him
if i don't care about this person, it will not care.
something that's weird, that i am very silly
yes actually, i mean my bachelor in particular
my doctor
once i took such a start, he made me feel that i shouldn't do this at all as it's very trivial
so once he said that it's trivial, i became in the mood
but yes, it's because of the courses that we have at university and because of the doctors and tas at university, you are forced to act like this way, to go freely in this path
yes, i can live without a mobile
actually, the mobile is not a great part of my life because i made myself busy doing other things, for example, as i said i usually read, as for my reading, i love the .. don't love the soft copies
i train how to talk with people more
as for the mobile part, if i want to contact with somebody who's far from me that i can't reach him, i can't meet him, i won't be able to speak with him this way that he was away or even if there's an emergency and he cannot come then he did his best to come
a situation for example, or a specific idea, or what?
to make you persuaded of this?
if you have a shower with cold water everyday, will you lose weight.
the idea that you take a shower with cold water may make you crazy, as nobody will take a cold shower but you will take a cold shower, okay?
a step by step at first except that you feel as if you are dropped off from a plane or you went skydiving, it's really hard as you cannot breathe, you .. you cannot understand this
you feel that it's easy for two or three minutes and everything is okay although the situation is difficult for example, you will jump from a plane, as you will make something great so you will feel great
in this way, no, you feel that it's normal and that you can do anything like doing exercises, running, swimming or doing anything, your adrenaline will make you gain an experience .. you will feel wow so that you can do anything
how to lose wait? as you will walk a lot and think and of course, you won't eat
try this
you're most welcome
okay, i was born in kuwait
i lived there for eighteen years.
then i come to egypt to join university
i went to an international school
i used to be in an igs i mean just before i joined university
once i am done with igs, i went to egypt as soon as possible
i came here in 2010
and i have been living here on my own for nine years.
okay i thought that the first year at university was really difficult
i wasn't actually sure which department department i wanted to join.
joining the faculty of engineering was mostly right because i am the only boy for my parents so i can't be anything other than an engineer or a doctor
but given the circumstances and i am already the only boy so i had troubles dealing with people in general.
i'm sort of introvert a little
i felt that this is the most suitable field for me personally
because dealing with computers is a lot easier than dealing with human being
actually, the social aspect in my life was minor and the component was very weak
so i was not able to deal with people so it was more comfortable with dealing with computers
so plus that i was good at it actually
i mean i remember when i was in cs one, yes, i got b minus but but i used to explain to others
may be the grades weren't fair due to the circumstances
but in cs two i think i got an a easily actually
okay so i guess that my study was normalized normally like anybody else in my class
i think it's all cs projects, except maybe for my bachelor project
my bachelor project was about 3d object recognition which was something fancy actually at that time.
actually, yes, now the situation becomes easy but at that time in two thousand and fifteen, the project was a little bit difficult for me
actually, i spent more than two months and every day, i spend from twelve to sixteen hours in front of my laptop alone
so i believe actually that it is one of the defining experiences in my life
i felt that yes this is what hard work actually means
my usual routine is that i feel as much as i can that i sleep seven hours as a block
i don't my sleeping time
i may spend a whole year taking three or four naps in total
i really hate taking a nap in the middle of the day as i wake up suffering from headache. i don't like this so i try as much as i can to sleep for one block for seven hours, that's it
if i sleep at eleven o'clock, i get up at five o'clock.
if i sleep actually no sorry from eleven till five o'clock around six hours
if i sleep at eleven o'clock, i get up at six o'clock.
if i sleep at eleven o'clock, i get up at five o'clock and so on.
but once i get up, obviously actually i read a few articles. actually, once you get up, you are supposed to take a cold shower because this shock makes blood migrate into the inner organs rather than the outer organs.
so it sort of gives you like a awake up call, it alerts you.
because your organs have entered a sort of hibernation state while you are asleep.
so once you take a cold shower, water i mean blood flows into the organs out actually away from the skin cells
so it actually works
actually the cold shower makes you awake
but yes actually and as soon as i take my shower i just get my breakfast and come to uni or work actually
unfortunately i'm not a very sportive person
so i watch tv series and this is the only thing i do in weekends
that's it
actually netflix mainly
okay, the last movie i have watched was split
i wanted to go and watch a movie called glass
i felt that i have watched unbreakable although it was very old movie that i watched long ago
i really liked it
and obviously glass is based on unbreakable and split
i watched split and it was actually really interesting.
actually, the concept of multi-personality disorder is really really interesting.
actually when i watched youtube videos that discuss a topic a little bit fancy topic
as at one point, there was a woman that a man was asking her questions and she was replying having a certain attitude, tone and way after that with a few minutes exactly, he asked her the same question and she answered in a different way and the content of the answer is totally different
her tone of voice is totally different and the accent sort of even it becomes a little bit different as if she is southern i mean the southern states although she is not southern at all
actually, it's a little bit creepy.
so but actually it's an interesting movie
very interesting
my favorite author or who i love reading for is khaled el husseiny
the theme of khaled elhusseiny in general is just pain trauma which is painful drama actually which is the only thing that teaches human being honestly
actually all his books are good but maybe the book that influenced me the most was and the mountains echoed.
i believe actually
it was .. was a very gloomy book honestly
generally, the author is from an afghan background
he was a refugee actually and left afghanistan and went to pakistan then migrate to the us.
so all his stories are themed around the refugees and the war that started in afghanistan and so on.
as the story tackles a character that lived during the war and actually how did she stumble upon one family to the other
and then how the war influenced them although this woman was from a very wealthy family
and how she went down and lived in a low state and it's really bad actually
but and and how did she find i guess a true love
eventually, there should be the part of love and imaginary in order to make an entertaining story actually i guess
i guess it depends on the geographical state that we will be in
actually, i'm not sure honestly as i should stay in egypt or leave
actually, i'm not settled yet
so it's assuming to travel another country so i'm guessing that any school will do
actually, there's a standard of education and there's not a great difference
most probably the majority of schools are almost the same thing
otherwise, if i am here in egypt, i guess since that there is a great diversity in schools such as the experimental, international, national and the elite schools
it's really very diverse and very difficult
it's a very difficult choice
so i guess personally that i choose the french schools for girls i guess
based on my personal experience, some of friends in my class are actually graduates of french and i felt that their education level, their level of education is really good and very satisfying at least
so based on that based on my previous experience and what i noticed from my friends, i think that such schools will be most suited for my kids, i guess.
well, i'm guessing or actually i'm not guessing that being a ta is not my dream job
i don't believe that it's anyone's dream job
i personally try to acquire a position in an r and d.
but the problem is on the r and d position i mean that the r and d requires the academia
and i don't like the academia
but it's a temporary state and it is a requirement
so i'm trying to pass through this phase so that i can move on to an r and d for example it could be a corporate or it could be a research center institute.
it shouldn't be related to the academia
and the internships that i attended as i have attended an internship before in an oil company
i used to work with the network administrator
we used to try to set up sort of a network because they are ip cams it should all log in on the server so the owner of the company that lived in the us and he wanted to log in to see what's going in his company through his ipad so it was interesting
actually, i acquired a lot of knowledge about the networks in general based on this project.
so this that was one interesting internship, honestly
actually, this actually from the little internships that i was forced to work on on my own and to deal with a lot of people
unlike the usual time you spend in your room using your laptop as you code your tasks and send emails and that's it
i do not think that i want to be student anymore
i'm actually i don't enjoy academic to be honest
i'm not .. i don't enjoy teaching teaching process
to me this is just a temporary phase with it as soon as possible and i'm trying to get done
being a student obviously would be something interesting if i'm learning something interesting
actually if i got a phd position for something that i actually really like i'd definitely be interested to be a student once again actually
but for the time being i'm looking for a job and such actually .. no i would like to go back to the market now actually
i have traveled to so many places, honestly
but the longest period of time i spent was in holland netherlands, i stayed there for a year
i stayed in germany for four months
so i guess the most remarkable moment is when i .. was in the greenery actually
actually, i really lack this here in cairo, honestly
i remember one day when one of my friends visited me and we sat in front of rijksmuseum that is the rembrandt museum
yes, the rijksmuseum and the rembrandt museum are close to each other
anyways actually there's a greenery place and it's like a patch sort of hill
but it's a made-up hill actually
so we stayed there
we stayed for three or four hours
the weather was really good
i think that that day was the most remarkable day for me in the whole year actually
i made friends but not at work
it's very difficult making friends at work
i actually made more friends from the course of deutsch that i used to study
so that was pretty interesting
i'm still in touch with some of them, not all of them obviously
but i don't think that i make other friends
yes they were but they were with me at the dutch course
on the top of my mind right now actually i would love to go to japan, honestly
to me, it's a very interesting place
actually, i think i would love to go to japan anytime soon.
that next to switzerland as well
actually, i've always looked forward to visiting switzerland
but definitely the price tag of each trip, no matter how little it is, it becomes bigger honestly so it's something to think twice about actually
it depends on the scholarship itself
it depends on the position that's offered actually and the scholarship that's an offer as well
i am guessing obviously a scholarship is something nice to have and a position is obviously something to seek for whether or not this is something suitable to me right now that it's a very difficult decision actually and that's it
i guess there were a lot of turning points
but i believe maybe the first six months after work was the turning point in my life as i felt that i'm no longer a child actually
actually, i'm an adult and i'm responsible for myself
and it's .. the stress at work was really violent at that time of my life in particular so i felt that okay actually this is the difficult choice to make
that are you happy?
if so are you i mean is there something you can do to make you more happy or less unhappy?
so i believe that's one of the turning points
okay i, as a student, i personally prefer working individually not in group projects
but now that i worked i believe that it became different
and i really appreciate the group work
however i would always prefer that the task given to me is not a task that i need to do for somebody
actually, assuming that there are pools of tasks so assign to me tasks as many tasks as you want and i submit those tasks to you so as he can continue working on the tasks or he adds this to another part
he and i will not be working on the same task
actually assuming that if there are a presentation or a report that need to be made, i can be responsible for the presentation and he will be responsible for the report or vice versa
it's not necessary to work on the presentation together or to work on the report together
i feel that's counter-productive actually
there are but outside university
i believe that my personal role model right now is elon musk
he is that kind of person who wakes up at 4 am actually
because he is the one who made space x
he is the one who made paypal
he is the one who made tesla
so so .. yes this is definitely something i look up to actually
i believe you can never actually target the .. or actually tackle the idea of liking someone or loving someone no matter how good you are as a person either be .. actually you'll always be criticized in a way
so if we will talk about the personal sorry the professional perspective and career-wise i believe i'd rather be respected than liked
yes, being loved among your colleagues at work is obviously something that you would love to find and something that you would seek but it's impossible
you will never be loved by all your colleagues at work
it's almost impossible
so i'd rather be liked, honestly
get things done faster
i believe that no i'm not an approachable person at all
actually i'm not an easy person to deal with at all
but at work actually as long as we are at work yes it's simple and easy
but as for the personal level no, i take a lot of time to come on to someone and just actually be natural with them actually
so there are always a lot of layers before dealing with a normal person as he's somebody i have known since ages
indecisiveness
i hate indecisive people
i don't like for example the concept of having a meeting no so let's all decide no we can do a or we can say that we will do b or it could be c, which is okay this is not going to work
so it's okay as all these options are on the table but we need to make a decision
that if you are indifferent and passive to everything i mean then we might not have this meeting
actually, i feel that it's pointless
but not at university
i'm sure that i've done this once or twice within an interview which i think is allowed, i mean, in an interview.
but i don't do this inside the class
actually once when one of one of the students asks me if i don't i mean if something .. i mean if somebody asks me whether i know this or not, i tell him.
no and when i was .. no during the evaluation yes when i was a student yes when i was having evaluations definitely
yes i definitely
exactly actually
i definitely had to do that
but now, as a teacher, no, i definitely don't do that
actually when somebody asks whether i know this or not, i say no and i ask him to send me an email then i will reply with the answers as soon as possible.
i guess in the evaluations i remember in particular actually when there were many situations, it definitely did help me up
actually it means that if i spoke about the project and how much effort i exert and what to-do-list i prepare regarding this class and the other class and i guess that it worked eventually actually
not proud of it but it did happen honestly yes.
no because the majority of people that i deal with on daily basis are not there around me
actually my parents live outside egypt so i will never be able to communicate with them if i don't have a mobile
it's almost impossible actually
i think that one of the most important points that people skip or don't care about is sleeping seven hours
actually, this is that you have no idea how much research shows actually actually very very important for a human being
i mean as much as that people stop growing after twenty-five and that you are already after twenty-five it's a countdown for you to die basically
but sleeping seven hours is .. is so vital
actually research shows that sleeping less than seven hours will actually actually i mean .. will actually most probably lead to elevated heart beat so the blood pressure will rise, you'll be susceptible to the slightest things happening at work actually, so you will be passive-aggressive, you will be overweight easily
definitely, i'm not exactly sure what i am not sure of casualty and effect in everything, actually how each one happens, but actually i'm sure that i've read a research that shows that all of this happens if you sleep less than seven hours
so i feel that one of the underrated things is that somebody sleeps less than seven hours
i'm sure that you don't want to lose weight at one point and you don't want to suffer from high blood pressure at any point in time soon
so if you want to avoid these two things you definitely need exactly or more than seven hours .. actually to sleep less than seven hours as a block actually.
actually, i was born here in cairo here in egypt
i used to be at traditional national schools and all of them are arabic before university
then i joined guc, then when i was graduated from guc, i became a ta
i was at university, then i worked as a ta at the same university where i used to study till now
i started to be .. interested in my .. my major starting from semester 3 at university although at the beginning totally against it, i didn't want to go for this major at all
starting from semester three, i felt that i am more interested rather than the other majors
and starting from semester three i decided that i will continue in this major until i graduate, god willing
my bachelor project is about something entitled semantic web
most of the search engines there were .. were working on their .. their .. their logic based on the linguistic part that the user enter regardless of its meaning and what he means by this
we used to try to make a semantic search engine that reasons or understands the user that writes a term in the .. the search engine and what he means by that trying to show the best results that can fit the .. the term or the query that the user entered
i do nothing except for getting up, having breakfast and getting dressed
so basically the weekend is just for resting and sleeping and the .. the extra thing that can be done is to visit my .. family, relatives and so on, that's it
my hobbies are mostly reading and the .. the .. the computer games, if i can call it a hobby, that's it
maybe i read a lot of books and all of them are good
most of them were novels actually they are not .. not .. not scientific books or something
a novel entitled morning and evening talk by naguib mahfouz was one of my favorites, and when i watched the .. dramatic adaptation as it was adapted into a series or something and it was adapted in a very well presentation
there was the prisoner of zenda and it was also very well.
and actually, the second part that most people don't know that it has a second part that was entitled rupert of hentzau
it was the second part of the prisoner of zenda
those what i can still remember for now
those what i really liked the most
i haven't watched movies in a long time, but the movies that i watched that were very impactful on me were troy and most of harry potter series when i used to watch them when i was young
titanic  when i watched it for the first time.
at that time the .. the directing of the movie was very persuasive of its exact message . even if this is opposite to what you are persuaded of, he can direct you to the idea that he wants to say exactly and who you sympathize with, who you don't sympathize with, who you love, who you hate, you see the movie in his own eyes exactly like what he wants actually
those what i can remember now
i don't remember anything else actually
yes
i still don't have children but in general i didn't .. didn't think of a specific school
it's not about being an international or a national school but it's based on the school itself and the .. the .. the environment over all that the .. that the son will be there one day
it's not necessarily that a national school is bad or that the international school is very good but no it depends on the school itself
it has .. actually has certain standards that one will think of at that time i mean to make sure that there's a healthy environment around him
and students like him should have certain standards as such standards i want my child to learn from school
as for the languages, he should have the.the .. the secondary language based on the school no matter is it english, french or deutsch, no problem
but what i am really interested in is that .. he didn't abandon his mother tongue which is arabic, no he should know arabic well and he should speak arabic and discuss everything in arabic but still he has a secondary language that's very strong that will help him scientifically or anything related to the job market or something
in the software development
no the .. the working life is better for me by far
i don't .. don't .. don't want to be as a student anymore or to have the .. the .. the hassle of attending lectures and solving assignments and .. and exams and midterms and things like that i don't .. don't to go back to this ever
even the time when i was working on the masters here when i was a kind of a student was not .. not .. not a good time at all actually.
all the activities that are a kind of student activities when it comes to readings and getting papers to find out something and things like that was really bad for me and i don't like to go back to this kind of activities again.
definitely, if it's based on routine, it could be long term very boring daily routine .. but if you enjoy it, it will reduce the chances of feeling bored with what you do throughout the day especially that it's like teaching.
as for teaching, each semester, you meet new people and interact with them differently according to their different mentalities that you need to address all of these mentalities differently in order to deliver your message or to deliver your content in a good way to these students
so at least i really love teaching and i feel that it's a kind of challenge, first of all whatever the level of students in front of you, you should deliver what you want to say in whatever way as you should find a way through which they can understand what you say as well as the content that you need to deliver to them correctly and in an efficient way so that they understand you regardless it's technically good or, it's not technically good
so this kind of challenge .. satisfies me honestly
that i %b .. try to overcome it in a way or another
socially, you pass by so many people of different mentalities, from different environments, from different levels so i see that's good
by time although i didn't like the .. the .. the .. the student life, the guc is a comfort zone for me
so therefore i don't mind at all to stay here even if there's a routine-based aspect
once when i was in the eighth semester, i was in an internship at the software development company
as for our .. our .. our normal life, we were divided into teams there
each team was responsible for a part of a product that they made with .. with different teams that were there
i was in the team of the development there and we used to practice on the developing .. developing software with language c++
it was .. was a very good experience for me, i could feel how people were working on the software development and it was actually one of my preferable parts for me although i became a ta after that but i was very pleased with
and if i get the chance later on, god willing, to .. to shift my career to something related to software development i .. i wouldn't mind at all ..
no
last time i went to north coast last summer
it's only leisure time actually
one can go there, wake up, go to the .. the beach, then come back and eat, sleep and so on, nothing more
this is surprising for some people but it's marsa matrouh
the .. the .. the environment there was really good, the sea was really good, calm and clean and the landscapes that look naturally were nice in addition to so many places that you can visit such as museums and so on
in general, the weather there is better than that in other places that i visited
and .. and i have no problem to go there once, twice, thrice
the first turning point was in semester three when i decided to continue in the major cs
because before this %b .. %b .. the .. the decisions for me were far away from cs, it was electronics or mechatronics for example or something
as the turning point that the course of cs3 and that was the turning point for me
because i felt that i really enjoy this .. this and i really excel things like computer science and at the same time things related to the other major like circuits and things like that that i .. i did miserably in these courses actually
so a huge turning point was when i choose a major and go for another major at all
the same happens before i joined university
at the beginning i was about to join another university then by mere chance one of my friends told me about the guc
and i had .. had an impression about the guc because it's guc but the other place that i was about to go required a specific language
because that was the language there and i don't know this language
but i knew from him that the .. the university doesn't require having a specific language so i can join it anyways
so by chance, i went there and took the test and i passed the test
then i joined guc
it was swingy at all actually
maybe not at all
actually i have like a kind of standards and kind of a goal that i try to pursue in my own way regardless of how other people did it previously
no i i would say that i am very very easy person to deal with
on the contrary, i'm a very considering person as i try to understand the person in front of me and know how he speaks and deal with him in the same way that he uses to interact with me
yes i feel that i need to change the way i deal with people in general but i don't feel that it's difficult
on the contrary, i feel that it's part of the social intelligence actually
and this is a skill as far as i think people should have this skill in particular especially that if you interact with different levels of people
and i have to deal with all of these students in a good way
it's not necessary to be in a specific level and i prefer this level and if somebody is away from this level, i don't deal with him in a good way.
on the contrary i don't feel that's difficult
yes, it's important to change the way how he deals with different persons and different personalities and so on but i don't feel that's difficult actually
no i prefer to be respected rather than liked
i am not interested to be liked or not liked but rather respected because respect comes over love
you may love somebody very much but by the end he won't respect him
he sees him .. loves him because he does something that he likes but the overall picture i see is that he is not a respectful person
the .. the respect can be found even if the person doesn't like you, or he doesn't accept you because of something else but overall to gain his respect is not easy at all rather than to be liked
maybe you are liked for illegal reasons
you may be liked for  inappropriate reasons
that you do something that he sees it as a good thing after all as he sees that he does not gain his respect
that to gain a respect of someone is more important than to be liked
yes, it could be but i don't make it as a dead end
if there's a chance, i will try, if not, i won't try to deal with him again
but the .. the .. the stubborn person is the one who sticks to a certain viewpoint and he shapes everything around
so dealing with these kind of people is very very difficult and no matter how often you try once, twice or thrice, most probably you don't reach anything
but at some point i am trying not to close the door
no there's at least a chance as we can make an extra trial with him maybe he will start being more flexible actually
i have .. have never done this at all
on the contrary, most of the interviews that i attended and i say everything very very very honestly as i told them that i really didn't know that topic and that i cannot answer this question
although people advise me to avoid showing that you don't understand but i would prefer to speak about something that i do understand rather than fabricate the answer saying nonsense just to try .. to impress them with something that they don't even know so he would say this .. this .. this is good and i pass it but i don't .. don't do that
okay what was the reaction of the person in front of you the interviewer? what was his reaction? or what did he tell you? did he remain silent did you remain silent?
it happened twice, once he didn't give any impression at all, as for the second time he was surprised because i said so.
he was surprised because i .. i said that i didn't know and that the one who had an interview said that he didn't know this topic
but by the way in .. in both interviews i got accepted
but i got accepted and that they didn't reject me because i said that i didn't understand that topic
honestly i doubt
unfortunately, i can feel this unfortunately actually our .. our .. our lifestyle is based on the mobile and internet mainly
so the mobile means to have internet everywhere
you have your mobile everywhere
you can do a lot using your internet as you can check the news and social media through it and so on
one can feel that when the internet connection is weak, or when there's no internet at all no i feel that i stay in .. in .. in .. in a black hole that i cannot interact with people around me or i don't know what's happening
this is not good but as far i think most of the life style of people now is like that
actually no, i can say that i cannot live without internet or mobile
i would say  that you don't .. don't do anything if your major is computer science, don't do any research if you don't want to continue in a research track
as for the major of computer science, most of the .. the job market don't appreciate whatever in a research track especially if it's not practical, it won't benefit them at work
if you are about to work in the software development company part one, two or three, they will check your skills that have to do with the job duties
what will they be able to take from you at work?
but if you say that you worked on masters in a certain field and you prepared a paper to attend a conference and that you applied for a journal and that was a .. a .. a .. a .. very impactful journal and so on
it's okay with all of this and then, what will you do at work?
so if you decided at the beginning that you want to continue the academic career, i would rather say do not try to pursue this field at all
or even you try to say that you'll complete masters and then go
most probably you will complete masters for your own sake
but if you target target the job market from day one anything that would lead you to the job market even if it's a very small start-up or anything that will offer you an experience and to .. to .. to .. to .. to .. to support your cv regarding what you especially are pursuing in the field of computer science
but if you feel that you are an academic person and that you want to continue the academic career then you'll be a ta then a doctor then a professor and so on, no you have to go this way and you know what you need in order to continue in this track successfully actually
i was born in cairo anyways
first, i live in gesr el suez then i moved into elrehab then i moved into nasr city then i went back to elrehab
i went to two .. three schools as well
when i was in the kg, i was at ..
when i was in the kg, i went to a school and i moved to another school in the primary stage then i moved to a third school in the preparatory and secondary stages
all of them where national but english schools actually
but after that i joined university
first of all, i joined university so as to go for mechatronics or production, okay?
and then at first i was a little bit hesitated whether i would go for electronics or networks but i joined mechatronics as well
but after i joined mechatronics, i discovered that i am good at the subjects that related to .. cs actually
that is cs or .. or .. or any other subjects related to electricity
but for the .. the mechanical subjects that i used to .. to pass but i got c minus or c
so i decided that i said no  i will try think on my own about this so i said if i left cs, what would happen
i was about to be in semester four so anyways i should repeat four subjects and so on
but when i was at the end of the semester, i decided that no i should be careful while making this decision so as not to regret it later on and i moved to met
i thought that i was only one department until they told me that there are departments for dmet and cs
why did i go for dmet?
i can't remember to be honest with you
i really cannot remember why i went for dmet instead of cs
but actually i didn't regret taking this decision
no, i don't usually regret
okay now actually .. actually i devote my time to three aspects
it's university or bachelor a, training and the third is something called hyperloop
at cairo university that i have just joined recently
most probably my day is divided upon these three or it's for only one of them
i mean for example i get up no i get up now whenever i want at 12 pm for example
but i either go to university or stay at home to work on the bachelor and at night i go to the training three times a week
now on friday i go and exercise american football almost every friday as i watch matches or if i don't go there, i hang out with my friends anyways
okay not really actually
actually, there's no exercise but this the most that ..
regardless that i go to the training, even when i stay at home i go and search .. search to learn more about this topic by watching videos and reading about the rules and that's it
okay first of all, the bachelor
it started that i .. i am supposed to do something called tracking objects using something called stereo camera
stereo camera is an ordinary camera but they .. they are actually two cameras okay?
so it's being used instead now if we use a specific camera okay to know the distance between the camera and the other thing, if it's only one camera it will work but with .. with estimation
actually for example if you know that .. this person's average density is so and he can see his weight so he will estimate the distance between the camera and the other thing
but if we have a stereo camera and in certain ways we can use it to estimate the distance between the camera and the specific two objects this way, okay?
that by using two cameras so it's related to maths and so on but i didn't go into it
but i totally changed it until it becomes something else
at first  i was trying to .. to detect the object in general and to find out how i can know that's only one object so that i can estimate this region that this particular object has nothing to do with the surroundings
so i went for deep learning and computer vision and so on i am still reading in this topic
hyperloop is totally different it's ..
do you know elon musk?
okay actually if you know elon musk and if you know space x or tesla?
okay he is the owner of those two companies, he is the founder of those two companies
then he made something called hyperloop
such hyperloop is like a transportation method as it looks like a closed tube and it has low pressure like the vacuum and the pods pass through it to transport people from one place to another
it's like a train but without wheels actually as it is moving on something called air cushion actually the air is pushing it downwards so that there will be a distance between it and the ground and it moves with very high speeds because there's no drag force maybe because the pressure is 0.1 percent from the atmospheric pressure
so it moves with very high speed and with low cost because the tube is placed above the solar panels so it powers itself in general
so .. and the user of the motor that they use is the same as the motor that is in tesla which is an electric motor .. motor so there's no fuel consumption.
the important part is that they made a competition for students to let them .. them participate as they should build pod but a little bit smaller and .. we travel to perform actually the pod that is performed in .. in america in a certain place that we still don't know
and we are trying actually they are trying to see the best one who created the breaking system and the best one to maintain safety and so on and even they evaluate it according to many aspects so we are still making a team and so on
no
no
i do love movies.
my most favorite movie is dark knight rises
it's about batman of course all people know it
should i tell the events of the movie?
a brief story is that  that batman wasn't there for a long time at .. at generally actually for reason that was in the previous movie and .. and but he was forced to come back because there's somebody actually was about to come and he wanted to .. to turn the whole city where he stayed upside down
that's it and he beat him at the end and there was a war
it was a very good movie
honestly, i still don't .. don't care about the job but i do care about the place
actually, i wanted to go to a country .. some countries where i wish to live so whoever will come with me should understand me?
unfortunately, no
honestly, each has its comfortable aspects actually at university, i was free sometimes but this is not the case with working definitely
i would work to be independent and this is the good point that i am looking forward to
i have traveled twice
okay first i traveled to sweden in two thousand and thirteen
i was playing handball with my team
we stayed there for two weeks
the best was the .. the championship where we participated and we found many people there because they liked the handball actually they can go and watch the match in the stadium and so on
so the championship was an important event in the city there
so the first thing is the great diversity actually there were teams from different countries in the world as all of them were almost in that place. in addition to this, people who were living there attended the matches and a great number was .. and the opening celebration for example the stadium was totally full not with not only the teams but also people .. people who were living there
it was like .. a festival in the streets all the time as there were a lot of people who were .. were living there
second i have been to saudi arabia for umrah
i which i can live abroad
first canada or australia
canada and australia in the first place. canadians don't exercise .. racism as they have morals so they will welcome everyone
actually people there i don't feel that .. that i am not welcomed there and i can feel that i am a stranger
in addition to this, there are arabs there in every where
in australia .. australia .. life is a little bit easy
actually working there is not that difficult for them
their minimum wage is high
actually even if i .. i go to australia for example i have no problem with working anything that doesn't relate to my major
i could work as bus driver i have no problem with that
it's important to have an experience to live abroad in a country like that
no i just felt that i don't want to .. to continue in a field that i am not sure about and that happened when i was in mechatronics actually
i didn't want to regret making this decision after graduation then i would say that i should or .. or that i meet somebody to tell me to join mechatronics and i would say no as i .. joined mechatronics but i wish i could joined another department
no .. no i didn't like to go for .. for this even if .. even if i changed the major and then graduated, i wouldn't like this. if i had remained in mechatronics, i wouldn't have known that it was a mistake
it's okay i have no problem with that i don't regret anything like that
honestly, the experience with the team wasn't that good .. no but in some cases the team .. was good in general . to me, i have no problem with both options honestly because in both cases, i would work on tasks individually
as well i have no problem to help someone else even if it's not my part actually.
i have no problem
yes elon musk
that he will change everything now like the global warming that .. things like that are dangerous for the .. environment in general the global warming is like the .. how i can call it?
in general it .. it .. is related to .. to fossil the burning of fossil fuels actually as it .. it was the most important part in his life
actually he .. dedicated .. his life for this and in general he is a very successful person
i wish i could be like him one day
of course to be liked is better
no no i am a very easy person and it's okay i have no problem actually it's not annoying to talk with people
yes.sometimes i deal with them ..
actually maybe i .. somehow i stereotype this as if i find the person in front of me is from .. from a certain type that i got used to deal with, i will deal with him according to this concept even if he is not like that, it means that i still don't know him but i am just assuming
the best quality that i see about myself is that i don't get annoyed .. annoyed with people at all no matter what they did to me
outside university yes i sometimes do this
no actually sometimes maybe for example i am in a debate with somebody and .. any of my friends okay and i my feel that i want what i am going to say will be understood so i will say nonsense and i know that i am saying nonsense okay
and i can tell him after that that i was saying nonsense actually
no they believe
for a certain period of time or in general?
it depends. if i don't have a mobile and the whole world is the same like me?
yes, yes, no, it's okay i am talking about the .. the phone calls actually
no actually for me .. for me the phone calls are very important to me actually but i don't care about the other options
what should i tell you and how should i start?
if you are pleased here, no you should stay here
so i can .. actually i haven't been there honestly but i can go somewhere and i don't enjoy this and i feel that dealing with people is difficult for example or something, here i deal with people more easily so i can go back it's okay
i don't think that i should do this honestly.
i am originally from alexandria and i stayed there until i was four years old
at first, i was in a français pre-school but when we moved into alexandria .. when we moved from cairo. my mother doesn't know français but papy does but he started a new job and so on and it was a start up and so on that he couldn't have time to follow up with me so i had to go to an english school
i went to a national school and that's it
when i joined university at the very beginning, once i joined university i chose major materials and .. but later on because it's somehow related to my father's work and so on but after i changed my mind
i found this in .. in .. in .. in with many people and i saw their work related to mechatronics and so on
a very close friend of mine was .. was in mechatronics and .. and he persuaded me to join this field and i liked what he said to me so that's why i went for it
okay
my bachelor project is actually somehow related to the optical field
it's prepared in .. in the lab of optics
and after that actually it's the introduction of the research .. actually the medical research
we will use it later on after .. after that the results are supposed to be out so that it can be used in the medical research for .. for the sensors actually
it .. it could be used later on as anyone can detect the weight of the weight of cells cancer cells for example, the weight any kind of bacteria that its mass is very small that it's difficult for anyone to detect it actually with the .. the ordinary balance
okay my daily routine is that i start by doing something that nobody does in egypt actually
for example, all people kept telling me that they drink nescafe or coffee and so on but for me i don't drink any of these, and not even tea or anything like that
actually when i wake up i can drink milk like kids or like when i was in the pre-school  .. and i still drink mix mix chocolate milk
for example, if i get up too early because my brother's school is near to my university, sometimes i drive him to school after that i go to university and it's still vacant that i can park my car easily in the parking area as i park my car on the first row of the parking area which is really good because in the midday i can easily find my car at once
that's it and now i go to the lab because this is my bachelor
and actually for example i run my experiments or something, if i don't do this, i can write the reports or something
and after that we all started to feel hungry so we all leave the lab and go out to eat and have fun for some time then we come back and keep fighting to .. to choose who is going to continue working in the set up and so on
that's it .. and we are supposed to leave the lab at four o'clock and this never happened  .. actually maybe if we finish our tasks early, we can leave early and this what we like the most actually
and if we aren't done, i should stay working the whole day till the night comes actually once i stayed there till 9 pm
so  that's it and on the midday if we finish early, i go and pick my brother up and go home
if i didn't finish early actually, i have intentions like anyone to lose weight and to go to the gym and to be super fit and so on, i was trying for a long time but i really love food very much
generally my hobbies do .. don't relate to my weekend plans or something no actually i can get up early in the morning and for example if i will not go anywhere, i can go to swim in the piscine of the club
and it's okay if i am stressed or something, i can run on the track actually
my hobbies are all about reading in general actually i love reading very much but it's not restricted to the weekend or something
no the majority of my readings are in .. in arabic, actually i really love history and in general this seems weird to anyone for example i chose major engineering or something but i love history very much since i was young actually
i have no .. specific examples of my favorite books but i have two favorites one like youssef zidan as i almost read all his novels and i just brought his new novel from the book fair but i haven't started reading it yet
i used to read the .. the genius of umar i used to read the genius of umar when i was young
i really like his style of writing because it's not easily understood from the first time you read and you love to read, as you love to read it more than once even his .. his style of writing is .. unique ..
in english %ma .. there was once something  something that was also somehow related to history, called the manuscript found in accra
i read it as well and it was really good especially because it's written by paulo coelho
definitely i read the alchemist by paulo coelho but i read it in arabic because i had the same topic in the arabic project in .. in the secondary stage as we were supposed to read the story and .. and analyze it and then summarize it, and that's it ..  and .. that's it
i mainly want to travel
i want to travel to germany
actually first of all i wanted to complete .. wanted to complete my masters
actually i wish i won't be late actually once i finish university .. once i am done with the five years of university, i will complete my masters at once but .. any plans after that .. yes the masters that i am interested in should be related to cars
but actually after that who don't wish to .. to work at mercedes benz or bmw or anything like that?
but actually .. actually still .. definitely when i will start something related somehow to .. to this field and i find it mentioned in masters, i will start to search for more aspects that i was not focusing on so at that time i can have something very specific that this .. this .. this is the dream job actually
the first internship that i attended was after semester four
i went to .. to the lab which was a chemical and analytical lab
i wasn't related that much with my field but i am having a .. a study about it
but i was .. actually i got it through one of my relatives
at that time .. i was somehow broken down because .. i didn't do well in semester four at university so i wanted to feel that i am .. am good at something and that i succeed in it in order to .. to get over this
so .. i started working there and i loved the experience as i went to work to interact with elder people even the idea that the field was different from what i studied that i learned a lot
i discovered that i have good information about chemistry
and that was the first time i felt that i spent a month and half and i didn't want to leave actually i have plans actually that .. whenever i have time, i go to work and so on even if i will go once a week or something
the second .. second internship i attended after semester six and i also got it through one of my relatives and it was in .. emirates in sharjah
it was really my life experience because i stayed with my aunt in dubai and i used to .. to work at the lab but it was petrol lab actually it was somehow related to my .. my field because there mechanical equipment and there were machines that they were making an assembly for it in order to .. to run on it the .. the .. the test
so i used to get up at 6 am to go to work at 8:30 and i used to take three buses, a metro and .. and a taxi and i spent two hours on my way to work
and definitely i wasn't .. wasn't familiar with the accent of the ..
yes i have traveled abroad . the first time i traveled was with my father when i was five years old . we went to turkey .. because papy was having job tasks there so we went with him
i had a situation there when my sister entered the toilette of the hotel and .. and she locked herself inside and she couldn't open the door
we kept calling the reception so that they could send somebody to us and until they sent us somebody, they didn't understand english easily and finally they sent us someone to open the door and she kept crying and so on
the second time is when i was in the third preparatory when we went to turkey as well but that time i was almost a grown-up and i still remember the details there and i have many photos there
the third time is when we went to lebanon, jordan and emirates but what was really weird was that we stayed for less than forty eight hours in each country because our main goal was to go to emirates and stay with my cousins and that's it .. as for lebanon and jordan, we went there because papy was having work there
so once we arrived, he went to work and we had a tour all over beirut in less than a day
then we went to oman
and .. and .. then to dubai
then a year later we went to dubai
then the next year we went to france
and that was the first time for me to travel to europe and so on
and definitely, the best place was disneyland actually i am a number one fan of disney since i was young and i have already memorized their songs till now
and .. and it was the first time to travel to a european country and so on
and after that last year i went to dubai again and that's it
i went to siwa, siwa oasis once with my friends from the club and we were all of the same young age
definitely, it was a very new experiences the hotel there wasn't a hotel it was the resort itself as you felt as if you live in an old place
and the country itself makes you feel that you used a time machine and that you went back even .. even we weren't familiar with people there .. we weren't familiar with the culture there and so on
but she is nice and very small and there weren't any kind of technology there or anything like that there were no cars there and if you look at the sky at night, you can see a very clear sky full of stars and so on .. actually it was really nice honestly
it was such an amazing landscape as you were staying in the desert listening to the deers' sounds and other weird sounds
and .. and we swam in the .. the sulphur springs and it was really nice
and luxor and aswan are nice too because i like monuments and things like that
but the other places like hurghada and sharm elsheikh are ordinary
no, sure, i will love to travel abroad to build my future and in a way or another i am still young and if i didn't build my future now or didn't work hard now and .. actually i should .. make a plan for the future
and my parents won't be pleased with me if i stayed with them doing nothing and .. this is what i really want long ago actually why not that i go for it
actually i won't delay it actually because i am afraid
definitely, i know that it won't be easy to stay alone and .. and it will be a big responsibility that i become responsible for myself and you no longer .. have anybody to help you in any problem but i think that they won't forget me and they will come and visit me and i will visit them of course
that .. actually throughout my life i am such a disorganized person as i throw my stuff everywhere and my room was never neat and so on because i know that my mother will keep shouting at me for awhile then she will organize everything
once she got up in the morning and she was very very tired that we had too take her to hospital then he found out that she was suffering from blood pressure so i felt that i made her devote her health and that i took her health for granted actually i used to think that it's okay to leave everything messy because she will come and tidy the mess
and i will pretend that i don't know but i realized that she was really tired and that we caused her problems
i felt that no i .. cannot continue this .. this way and that i should start to .. actually improve myself and .. actually i can even help her because now we are facing a problem that she is not feeling well so no i should help her and especially that i am her eldest daughter
yes, my father sure
i know that this answer is somehow biased and many people may say so  i really .. actually see him as a very smart and ambitious person
and .. and .. and he is a self-made man that built himself on his own .. and he is open-minded as he lived abroad for a long time and .. and i like his way of thinking and the way he .. he deals with people
and .. and actually even his mentality helps him think ninety percent right .. actually whenever he speaks about something, he has the evidence about it so it's already proved
and .. and he can foreshadow the events based on .. on his experience or something else that i don't know
and .. and he is a successful man in his work as he started his company from zero and now he is number one in his field and .. and his company is the best company to make the best turnover
he is a successful manager and engineer and .. and in addition to this he .. he was the champion of egypt in .. in and he was the egyptian national team coach of handball
he won the award of the best african player
and .. and they won the african championship and he received a sport medal and .. and he received a sport medal from .. from hosny mubarak
actually .. he speaks three more languages other than arabic
and that's it to me,  he is a great man
respected of course especially if this field is work or something like that
yes what i will benefit from somebody that likes me then .. actually maybe .. that for example we, as egyptians, have strong emotions somehow
but people abroad are very practical and they don't have the concept of intimacy at work as they evaluate people according to their performance at work
maybe for example because i talk with people, for example i interact with people in a good way or something so that they respect me in return
actually i like to be respected and to be respected is not because i dress well or because .. actually maybe for example because i talk to people, for example i interact with people in a good way or something so people respect me back
no no it's very easy that i can tell the story of my life to any passerby in the street actually
actually if i deal .. deal with somebody that i know that his background for example .. his educational background is different from my educational background yes definitely i .. only i want to change my way so as .. not to annoy him
actually of course for example i deal with .. with somebody actually .. actually from a lower social standard okay so i want to change y way in order not to .. to let him the difference
and no i have never .. actually .. actually .. definitely if somebody did something wrong to me okay, i can .. can respond according to what he did and i know that his way is like that that's why i am okay to deal with him in the same way
actually the usage of english is that i kept using the conjunctions and .. yes okay
actually it's .. actually it happens .. it actually like a project or something for example sometimes i am required to do something related to mechatronics for example someone is working in coding, someone is working in hardware and other one is working in electronics
so yes somehow i may not perform some tasks .. that i don't understand exactly so yes actually i will beat around the bush and .. and yes actually i will try to make the conversation longer until the one in front of me gets bored and actually .. i may reach his point .. for example i may reach the limit that he wants me to explain
no no absolutely actually sometimes i get up at night to check the .. the mobile actually i have .. the phobia of checking my mobile to make sure that nobody calls me then i will go back to sleep
it's not a good thing in general and it causes headache to me for example sometimes i don't do anything so i .. i forgot everything and i kept using it
and this is .. actually not good and sometimes it causes me headaches and sometimes i go and ask my mother to take my mobile and not to give it back to me, if somebody is trying to call me, i don't want to answer i had a headache, i don't want to answer
okay i will persuade you that .. it's better to continue your education abroad outside egypt
actually maybe for example there are some parents refused to let their children study abroad .. and so on actually they should persuade their parents that they didn't spend all these years learning and at the end they are asked to put a limit to their ambitions.
actually i .. i should .. try and each person has to have his own life experience
actually for example when someone you know like your cousin for example gives you a negative feedback about life abroad saying that people there are not good
no you should go and try this on your own to discover how life is not suitable for you
you'll go there according to your background and your specific expectations so you will feel that .. that .. that actually you reach your goal and .. and that if it really meets your expectations that you thought of before coming or not
so ..  actually you cannot remain in your place because .. your parents wanted you to be there
after that .. you'll discover that time flies and you did what they want and not what you want and .. and at that time you'll feel that your life is boring and you would blame yourself for not doing so? at that time you will be old enough that you have no time to regret what you did
and your life will be based on routine and it will be constant and you kept thinking that you should have done something and you didn't and this won't change anything
i was born in cairo and when i was in the .. primary stage, i went to .. to a private school and we used to learn arabic and english
i couldn't .. couldn't afford to continue learning at a private school so i went to public schools in the preparatory and secondary stages
but definitely i studied everything in arabic in the preparatory and secondary stages
basically i joined computer science and my .. my major is all about information systems that we use to .. to analyze data, the retrieval and the storage and so on
and why did i choose computer science?
basically because i liked using computers since i was young
but at home they told me that i have two choices either i can be a computer scientist for example or to teach because i used to love teaching when i was young so i had to go for any of these choices
my bachelor project was like a mobile application that i created to simulate the behavior of the google pay and .. and apple that is i pay as well
we wanted to create a universal application where you insert all your cards whether they are debit card, credit card or affiliation card that has to do with a specific organization or something and you used them instead of getting them out from your bag as you can just use them throughout the mobile
actually we wanted to have this idea as it's .. is already there but we wanted to collect everything and put it in one place only which is not apple, actually apple pay support some options and don't support the other no e wanted to support everything
okay my daily routine is not different from the traditional daily routine that anyone has
basically i get up and check my schedule at work then i get dressed and go to work
i don't get coffee like other people do and this is totally different from other people
that's it, and afterwards i check the tutorials that i should finish or the correction or meetings or things of the sort or if there's something to work on in research, an experiment or so and that's it
yes basically my favorite hobby is to discover new music because i really love songs, so i sit by myself and open anghami or something to listen to songs, if i like it, i get it, if not, i will check another one
i will tell you basically when i was young, i used to listen to arabic songs rather than english songs, when i grew up, i did the opposite as i listen to english songs rather than arabic songs
yes i have a lot of favorite songs
for example michael jackson is one of my favorite but he died, and now ariana grande is my favorite as well and that's it
any pop music singers but they should be good
yes it's been a long time since i last watched a movie
i will tell you  the last movie i watched at the cinema was the glass
that was the last movie i watched at the cinema basically
it was about the idea of somebody who predicts that some people have supernatural potentials such as those who read the minds and those who did something else and he gathered them in a storyline
and at the end he wanted them to take the same path and he wanted to put them in a team but he failed at the end
if the idea of experimental schools is still there that they are public schools but at the same time they teach english and arabic, but most of the subjects are in english, i would go for such schools
if this system is canceled, because i know that they are against it and they want to cancel it, in this case, i have to enroll them in private schools and the .. the main language there is english and then the other language is arabic
unfortunately, all the fields of science is taught in english, so if they don't know it, they won't be able to do research and won't be able to study, they can't produce anything
my dream job was teaching since i was young
i used to love to teach when i was young
i used to bring all my relatives and let them sit in front of me and i kept explaining some topics to them
if i weren't a teacher, basically i would .. would study space science
but i didn't find it in egypt, and when i found it, i found something called a meteorological organization and things like that
so they told me that i will do researches on the weather so i told them that this is not my ambition
i wanted to do more than this
so this is my dream job, it's somehow related to space science
but currently my dream job is to work in the software engineering that i should not only do the coding but i also collect the requirements and check the diagrams for example and to see the user stories and things like that
basically i didn't attend any internships but i would love to but i was not accepted in any place, i don't know why although they accepted applicants with lower gpas than mine
but the idea is that they don't target the gpa maybe they target another aspects
i don't know what it is honestly
okay, now after working, do you prefer working life or university life when you were a student and you have no responsibilities at that time but also you have to study and so on?
no definitely i would say university life because basically when i was at university there was a well structured program
for example, say i was required that i will study one, two, three, four, you will get the grade, then you will succeed and that's it
but now, i am doing the opposite, as i restructure the things then let people follow me and then succeed by the end
definitely doing something from scratch is more difficult than following a ready-made system.
okay can you tell us about the last place that you have visited in egypt and what place influence you the most?
basically i am not the person you mean because i don't like traveling and i hate to make a lot of movements
actually i am that kind of person who loves to settle in a place, i don't like to move a lot.
but basically it's been a very long time since i last traveled, it's been five years since i last traveled abroad.
i was in the states so .. so what? yes what i have seen there was different from what's here in egypt
but what influenced me there is the downtown there as it looked very nice, and there was .. was .. was something like an arena where they watch their matches of wwa that is wrestling and so on and i love this
so i hoped to attend such events
but i saw it from outside it was wow and the arena was huge
i will say basically actually, the question is actually  i will say, basically i have no problem with egypt as a country. my problem is with .. with the mentality as not all .. all people are the same or most of the people that live outside egypt, the problem is in their mentality
actually they misunderstand the people surround them
or that we have for example a high level of authority, so you should follow us and if they didn't do this, we will get into debates or things like that
actually if .. if we removed those bad people and replaced them with better people, i would be happy
i will tell you, basically yes and i am in a state of mind like that, for example, i stayed for two .. or three years at university and i search example and i .. i study for example and i give tutorials and that's it so this is the point and so what? what's next? would i continue this or not? for example i can go for a scholarship as dalia told me or not?
i am in a state of mind and something like that and i don't know where i am? or what am i going to do?
so actually i'm in a middle of a turning point
okay do you feel that this turning point is changing your personality? or your personality doesn't change but you change your way of thinking so what will you do now?
it changes my way of thinking of course but it won't change my personality, because this is not that turning point that will change my personality a lot no but it changes my state for example it can take me to a better or a worse place, it depends on my thought
okay, good when you were a student or a ta, do you prefer working in a team or .. or working individually to handle the project and everything on your own?
i will tell you, when i was a student, i used to work individually, and .. but i have trust issues
actually i don't trust anyone easily
for example, i know that his performance at work is not got or that he will cause problems, so i won't work with him
so most of the times yes i was making teams for the sake of making a team but at the end i was doing everything individually and we pass the evaluation because i explain to everyone what they should do
at university as a ta, if i work in the course individually, i definitely prefer working in the course individually because of the organization so .. so it will be only one, so as not to have any miscommunication or something
and if i will work with another ta, it depends on the trust, my level
so yes for example i worked with people that i trust them greatly and i worked with other people that caused problems
yes there is, but we said that we will not mention name so of course there's
no they are professors here at university
no, a lot of things. actually, there's a specific example as i like everything he does
no actually the presentation skills that he has
the way that he knows how to deliver the correct info to people
his way of thinking or his logical thinking? do i get it?
liked or respected? okay .. if people like, they will definitely respect you at some point .. some point
i prefer to be liked rather than respected because at the end, if you like me, you can respect me somehow
okay, do you feel that you are an easy person to talk with at the beginning? or they take time to break the ice?
on the contrary, i am the one who takes time to adapt with people, as anybody can adapt with me but i cannot adapt with anyone at once
okay do you find it difficult to deal with people from a different social level whether it's higher or lower? do you need to change your way of speaking, your attitude in general when you deal with social levels and so on?
i will tell what's supposed to happen
you're supposed to change your spee .. your speech based on which level you are talking with whether it's higher or lower than yours
but i don't know how to this
and that may cause some problems
so i like to avoid dealing with someone who is higher or lower than me
but if i had to do so, i will respect those who are lower, but sometimes this backfire me
sometimes he thinks that i underestimate him or something
on the contrary, when i call him sir or something, he considered that i am showing arrogance but i don't mean this at all
i will tell you, the best trait i have is that i like being helpful
actually i wish not to change this trait whatsoever actually
if he is a liar
i cannot deal with him at all
i have never done this actually, but as for the evaluation i like when i talk about something, i should understand what i am talking about
if i don't understand this .. i will tell you that i don't understand or i can ask about what you mean
honestly i was not saying nonsense, but i have never been in this situation
i have never .. i always like to be ready and efficient enough
i don't like to be a situation like that
if .. if you .. if you will remove the applications yes maybe, but if i .. i will use it to talk to people, maybe i need somebody for example, so actually no.
okay as for the last question, can you choose anything you want and persuade us of for example .. you can persuade us to complete master's, to travel abroad, or not to travel abroad, or anything .. anything that you are persuaded of to let us be persuaded
yes sure, first of all i was born in alexandria
i went to a national school until i became in .. in middle three, so i went to an ig or pre-ig, but after that i continued four years in an ig school
after finishing the ig, i used to focus mainly on fields like mathematics, physics or ict because at the that time i thought of joining computer science or anything related to it field
after finishing school, i went to cairo, joined the university of cairo and i did majoring in computer science as i wished to do this, but it was definitely computer engineering because there's not computer science in that university
and now i graduated and became an engineer, it's mentioned in my id that i am a free electrical engineer and i'm teaching as a teaching assistant hardware courses
it was mainly english and arabic, but there was french at the beginning
yes my bachelor was titled gamifying physiotherapy and android wearable game for adolescent patients, a very long title
basically it was about serious games with hci
there were kids, or in general there were kids having problems with their muscles, they can't move their hands or their wrest and so on, so we was trying to teach them their physiotherapy exercises in a fun and interactive way, gamified
there was a smart wearable that detects the movements of the child
and there's mainly a game that was mine, it was called music chasers and it's all about a song and song was being played as long as he made the once right movements, if he made a wrong movement, the song would be paused and he should continue doing the right movement so as not to stop the song
so mainly it's that he exercises or do his physiotherapy exercises
and instead of going to a certain institute to get treatment or something and even in the countryside where they don't have hospitals or take a long time to go to a hospital, so no using android device and smart wearables enables him to do exercises at home
so mainly this semester is because .. i have a lot of tasks in the first slot so i get up early
actually i get up at 7 am or 7:30 am
i already live near to university actually, in the same area, so i don't have to get up too early and actually i have my own car, so i have no problem
i get up, have breakfast, go to university and check if i have teaching, i have correction like midterms, finals or quizzes, i have content preparation for the coming weeks
after going home, i call my friends to hang out to watch the matches like champion league for example or we can play soccer and son then i sleep and that's it
mainly in the weekends, i like to meet my friends on friday in the morning until it's 4 o'clock for example
we usually have the tradition of playing soccer on saturday at night at one of the schools, in that area
so actually maybe because i don't have long weekend in this semester because i have teaching first on saturday, so i have to prepare the content on friday because i have teaching on wednesday fifth actually so my weekend in this semester is thursday and friday
actually i have a break on thursday and on friday i prepare, i have first teaching actually
somehow
i'm pretty sure it's english because i already hate the arabic literature
i don't remember exactly the last book but everything was almost academic, it's related to master's anyways
the last movie i watched at the cinema was captain marvel
i was very anticipating to see what's going to happen in avengers end game and the build up of avengers end game, so i went to watch it at the cinema
yes actually expectations versus reality, the movie wasn't that
but now actually he completed the missing part of the marvel cinematic universe
maybe because i was in the ig in an international, i definitely support the international education system
although the governments are making improvements
but also i believe that they are my children as they are supposed to receive the best education provided by international institutes and international curriculum
i will tell you, basically, the first thing for example how i became a ta?
i wanted to complete the master's and also at the same time i want to work in the industry
so actually my dream goal or my dream job is to travel abroad, and to go to one of the tag giants in usa
i used to travel there, and at the same time, i wanted to work in the research and development
the r and d the parts that develop and their things, they do research behind the applications and the software and the hardware and so on
but actually i'm dreaming of pursuing a master's in egypt and a phd abroad, i don't work in the academic field as in teaching would be my main focus or my main role, but to work in industry as research and development
as internships or as a student, i used to work in two companies in three months
i worked for a month in the first company and i worked for two months in the second company
both companies have nothing to do with development, they were just it, technical support or maintenance
it was a good experience as i didn't study this at university, but actually we have work and people are interested in this
after that, after i had finished the internships, i became a ta
actually people are surprised especially my friends as i didn't really like hardware courses and actually i'm not into hardware, yet the two courses that i teach are hardware courses because for me hardware is actually easy teaching-wise .. or i find it easy i mean
maybe it's not the best thing or the most enjoyable thing, but after i taught the hardware courses no i felt that they are good but i'm interested in them, although my master's are not hardware, and actually i will not ever focus on mastering or phd in hardware
because definitely it's full of a lot of technical details and i was not the cleverest one in physics and so on
but no actually i am glad and i have no problem
all my colleagues in the office and all the tas said that they wished to be students again studying and so on is better that working as tas
i am the only one who says no, working as tas is the best, it's not the best career as a ta but the best thing is that i don't study, i wouldn't have final exam and i should study for it, i don't have projects, no maybe it's .. a little bit flexible
but as for me i study a certain course to teach it, but no i see that working life is better than being a student
no i have never traveled abroad
inside egypt? a place that i like?
actually technically i am not .. not .. not into egypt that much, but at that time when i was living in alexandria, what i really liked was when i went to cairo and saw the egyptian museum and the pharaonic monuments and so on
to me alexandria as a coastal city, as we used to sit by the beach and even the north coast and so on, things like that, and even the monuments there were more into roman, like romanian and greek monuments
when i saw the origin of the pharaonic civilization such as the pyramids, the sphinx and so on, no actually i felt that egypt has a great heritage
it was somehow interesting
as i told in the beginning, my dream is to travel to europe or the us, i pursue my phd degree, and after that i will work there and settle in one of the tech giants, so definitely i'll accept it
mainly, when i participated in student activities at university especially my last two years
no my way of thinking started to change
the community was different as they started to shape actually the new friends that i made or the new friendship that i used to make that i started to .. to shape and it influenced me especially when i see my friends for example say what they want to do when they grow up
no i felt that i can change my vision of life
but no actually i was determined when i was at school to join computer science and i joined computer science
maybe in the last few years i dreamed to be a ta but not because ta is good, but because i want complete master's and i want to make phd and to continue this track
no i find what i wanted in my life so it's achieved. no i feel that actually that such ambitions that i have already wished are being achieved
it depends on the projects
actually for example the game for instance, i told my partner that i will do it all on my own
it was very interesting
it was yugi-oh and i used to love yugi from the childhood memories
i told him that i don't need his help and that i will work on the whole project on my own
thank god i got a plus at the end and we finalized everything
no it .. it was a good project honestly
so that was a type of project i like to work on individually
there are some other projects that we should divide the tasks as each one will be responsible for his tasks and so on because they are projects mega projects big projects
they require multiple people to work on
it's a difficult question honestly
basically when a person feels down, does he actually say it's okay i don't care about the grade whether it's five percent, ten percent, percent fifteen percent for project the project?
so actually it's okay what's important is what grade we will get
but no by the end actually  as motivation-wise, we kept working on the project for example before it we could go and watched a match for example, actually there motivational boosters to get us more motivated
we can have a break for some time without working on the project, we go to the cinema, actually
no i don't have for example .. i don't have a role model in all fields, i have only one
but no i have a role model in a specific field that i want to achieve a goal that he has already achieved
for example for example when it comes to technology, steve jobs is my role model for example
when it comes to soccer actually i prefer for example somebody like abu trika or mohamed salah as role models
but i don't have the specific role model in general
liked or respected?
i guess respected
why?
because actually if people respect you, eventually they .. will like you
but maybe at the beginning they fear so they respect you for example or maybe they are fear or something
but after that, once they get to know you better, especially that you treat him with respect and so on, so maybe eventually you may like each other or there might be likelihood or whatever
no it's okay i have no problem at all, actually i love to get to know people actually, i am very sociable in this part
no actually for example they can get to know me in a very short time actually
i don't .. don't take time to get to know people
social level as in what actually?
as an education-wise actually definitely for example in general if i speak with code-switching, i .. i .. i switch from arabic into english for example a lot of my speech, no for example i choose for example if i am in a taxi or any transportation, of course i won't speak with him in english in .. such context
so i had to speak using .. terminologies that he understands
i am dreamy and i like to imagine how my future will look like
if he doesn't respect other people or he keeps bullying them
and things like that
i have a deadline for example and i haven't even started yet
this .. this is mainly stress
but they aren't deadlines projects and so on, no they are deadlines in my life in general, for example for example such as submitting your military status documents, urgent things that are really important to your future and you can lose everything if you don't do it
maybe i became stressed over a presentation for example work or interview or work, and so on as my career, my life depends on passing this interview or this presentation, so no i am stressed
but if i am well-prepared, it's okay stress will go away
i kept asking you about the functions of the anode and cathode
it could be .. no i did do this in the bachelor presentation
the seminar no maybe even the seminar presentation also as its topics included terminologies that we didn't understand such terminologies
because in the seminar, he gave you papers to read and to present those papers
so you don't understand it, you just say as it is with its terminology and that's it actually
but no, but actually most probably no i didn't use sophisticated .. words before because i didn't understand
i never had something like that
no
because basically the mobile is now connected to everything either it has social network, your friends, chats, and so on
of course some people are trying to get away from the mobile and so on, but no i feel that my life is related to it as i should check for example my newsfeed, i check for example instagram, check twitter, check the news
even for example i want to call somebody for example even phone call it's necessarily to be texting
no the mobile should be essential for each individual in the world
you remind me of black mirror
so technically the episodes of black mirror tackle how can technology go wrong
so okay yes communication-wise the situation was much better before, people sit face to face and they communicate, now people can just send texts and even short messages
but eventually now you can talk to somebody in another country, somebody in another continent, it becomes much easier to talk with him instead of traveling, so this makes him closer
but definitely actually it's like a weapon with two edges, actually it could be bad, or it could be good, but i see that its advantages are more than its disadvantages
no it's .. it's difficult to persuade you to ..
should i persuade you to do something?
okay
definitely actually last year there were so many people asking us what's the importance of embedded systems course in our life?
and we as dmet especially met why do we study hardware in such level, and that we implement wiring parts?
and people already hate the wiring from project circuit two to project dsd
and why do we deal with hardware?
i like to tell you people that those who are in mechatronics wish to take this embedded course
that you take course that mechatronics department don't take
while mechatronics have to take a diploma to be able to pass the test
and you have like fifty, sixty, seventy percent of the content of the test, there's only one small part missing
so actually you could be hardware engineers and to make money and be rich
i was born in cairo
i lived here in egypt until i was in grade six i went to .. school
i went to a school in eltayran street
i live in nasr city, abbas elaakad
i were there until i was in grade six
after grade 6 i traveled to emirates
i used to stay in .. in el ain
i went to an american school
i graduated in two thousand and fifteen
then i joined this university engineering mechatronics
why did i choose mechatronics?
because i love working in the field of industry
and at the same time i hate theoretical materials
i always like practical work
and i will persuade you by the end
okay
but
as i told you i love practical work
at the beginning we used to study the materials of physics, math, and chemistry that we used to study in the general secondary
but they weren't the best for me
i didn't start to like the .. the major itself as mechatronics except in semester five maybe
because i started to find what i was studying in physics and math and i started to see it
i started to see it, i mean that i started to apply what i studied
my bachelor project mainly focused on the field that we didn't study at university especially it's optics
and the optics in the .. the coming, actually the sensors that we are using now are no longer the best
so my project is about the sensors that monitor cancer cells
i get up at 6 am
exactly an hour and i take the bus at 7 o'clock, the bus arrives university at eight to fifteen o'clock
the day starts from 8 o'clock until 6 o'clock by maximum
no, i don't like reading at all.
the movie life of pi
this movie is about an indian boy
this indian boy  he had a zoo in india, and decided to immigrate taking with him all the animals
he immigrated by the ship, that's it
and when they were on the ship, the ship sank
nothing remained on the ship except the boy pi and the tiger
he didn't discover that that the tiger is alive until he took a boat trying to survive then he found the tiger came from the ship
that's it, he was in water all that time, he was trying to survive, how to eat, how to drink, how he .., he sailed by boat until he reached the shore
that's it
there's no .. no specific singer that i love to listen to, on the contrary i listen to everything
i don't always care about the lyrics as much as i care about the rhythm and the music itself
before i start thinking of mechatronics, i hoped to join aeronautical engineering
but our problem is that aeronautical engineering is found in cairo university only
and this is very difficult to me
but the second option for me is mechatronics
so as for my dream job, i wanted to join mechatronics in the aeronautical engineering
okay well, can you tell us about the internships that you attended or the full-time or part-time jobs that you had when you were at university?
i have never had any jobs whether they are part-time or full-time
but i attended only one internship in summer in a car factory
that's it
it was for a month
we used to watch the assembly line of cars, the stages of collecting the automotive parts, the stages of painting
i don't like anything theoretical
i haven't started to enjoy the .. the major until i started working on the bachelor
and actually i learned topics hundred times more than what i learned in the seven semesters
i used to live in emirates so .. regardless of emirates, i have never been to anywhere else
sharm elsheikh
i liked the landscapes there, staying .. at the hotel without any responsibilities, without anything else, it's only relaxation
definitely for me, if i found that it won't make any difference and that it's like staying here, no definitely i will stay in my homeland
if this difference is significant, yes i have no problem to make this decision to live abroad
on the contrary, i will deal with a new culture, new people, a totally new different life, so i like this
at first as i told you, in the first semesters at university, it was totally theoretical for me, as we used to solve mathematics equations, i didn't want this
but at the same time there weren't anything else or the other major will not be related to this at first
so to me the best choice is to continue and wait
actually for me, i made a car accident, before this, i was very reckless, but after that, i started to .. to take everything into account before doing it, and that's it
the .. the group work has its advantage and the single work has another advantage
in the group work, you collect ideas from many people. so as a result the probability to get the best result is big
but when i work alone, i will be secured about the .. the quality that is a result of my work
the implementation of the idea itself differs
like we can summarize this in the idiom that says, too .. too many cooks spoil the broth
my father
to me he has a very big responsibility
i didn't find this in any other father, anyways
but to me he is the perfect model actually i do like him
i don't mean that i do the same as he did, no the way he deals with people, his attitude, his mentality
i like to imitate him
being liked is that i change myself to be .. be liked, and the same happens with the other person
i will keep changing because i won't be liked by everyone at once
in order to be liked by someone .. i will change for this reason, then i will change for the sake of the other person
but to be respected, i .. i will be the only one, that's it
so whoever likes me .. should like me as i am, and this is .. is respect and he will deal with me based on this respect, i won't need to change myself for him
i hate to deal with that kind of person who thinks that he is the smartest man in the world
there's not a smartest one in the world
on the contrary i will to deal with the one who accept the other, it could be a good idea but at the same time, it could be bad
personally, i can find both good and bad ideas
but i hate the one who thinks that he's the smartest person in the world, because he is very arrogant, in a higher level he started saying wrong ideas just because he believes that he is the best
reckless
i was always reckless in the decisions i made, and sometimes in my reactions
but now i am trying to stop being reckless, and to stop my spontaneous reactions
i kept thinking before doing anything or taking any action towards anything
naturally i have a different taste
and mostly moody
and i don't .. don't give the chance to anyone who deals with me because i know that he won't like this
unless i stayed with him for a period of time, we are trying to discover one another
we understood each other we are on the same track we started .. started to get to know him more and i started to deal with him more, and as a result he can get closer to me actually, that's it
no not at all, on the contrary the community that surrounds me, i feel that we are all the same level
i have to problem to deal with them
this has to do with university
outside university, of course you interact with other people
i can deal with workers, engineers, doctors, the way i deal with each person differs. so i should .. see who i deal with, and i start to deal with him in the same way
if i study and memorize, memorize memorize for the exam okay what should i do after the exam? nothing
when i finish the exam and realize that i forgot something, like when i wanted to remember something that i have studied in the previous semester, i couldn't remember it at some time, so i started to feel that i'm stressed
so what it is
where i can find the information, or the part .. part that i know, where i can found it
okay later on, who will tell me this or will teach us this
okay .. actually did it happen before when you were in an evaluation at university or any other situation when you were asked a topic that you didn't understand, so you had to speak in english or mention very difficult expressions in order to .. skip the meeting and that's all, and the one in front of you says that you really understand, so the situation would pass
no, on the contrary i am very cautious in such situations even .. even if i am vague in my speech, that the one in front of me can understand clearly what i say because if he doesn't understand, i will make it more clear for him; otherwise it will be misunderstood
okay if it's wrong, what will happen next?
no i hate being in such level, i prefer being clear and honest in everything
or i i want to reach a certain point, i reach this point and keep repeating it until it becomes clear
can we live without a mobile and why?
i like isolation, so maybe, actually i can live without a mobile for a certain period of time
but when i reach at some point that i want to call somebody, i want to express something, so no i will need it
anything i want
pause
you'll see how this will take us, let's go
i can persuade you that mechatronics are more important than met
because in met, they code
or according to what i understand they code that's it
as for mechatronics, we code, connect electricity, connect mechanisms
so if we said that .. that met can the same tasks of mechatronics, no. but mechatronics can do the tasks of met
so as a result mechatronics is more important
okay, okay, what you have said is relatively right but .. i won't say that mechatronics is not important, mechatronics are very important, because they have their work but at some point when you code, you'll reach a point where you cannot continue
as for mechatronics, it doesn't need the complexity of coding that they use at work or in computer science or met in general
as for mechatronics, the .. the part of code is what they use, it's the mostly used part, he know it very well
i don't need more
on the contrary, besides he knows electricity, knows mechanics
as for met, he can sit in front of a robot, and just write the code
okay how this code reacts, how it works
okay why it didn't work?
how electricity is connected to it, and so on, he cannot do this
exactly, sure
but this doesn't mean that this is more important than the other
okay should i tell you my age?
no it's not necessary
i went to  national français school then i joined an international  university
i joined mass communication
that's why when i graduated from university i came back here again
now i am working at another university which is international as well but it has nothing to do with my university as they have radio tv  department and this department has a channel where i am working at . i am working as a presenter and i am here with you
okay, i .. was at mass communication, of course i was at the department of radio and television .
i like so much something called mic, that's why i am very happy that you are talking with me  .
. my graduation project was about the effect of pictures in people's life.
we have met many different people, one is old aged, other is younger and other in the mid age, so, to take the experience we have done many interviews and we took many photos and we started to do something like an intro in the beginning, talking about the impact of each photo on the people's life.
we took photos for those persons who are graduated.
for those who are playing a game, we think how to make the photo can leave an important memory on people's life.
that was my graduation project.
i was hoping and it was my dream job to be a presenter, until i got the chance and the opportunity to work at the channel in the university .. the one which i am working there till now  .
okay in the weekdays, i wake up in the morning, taking my breakfast and then, go to the work. after work, i go to the gym and then see if i have something important to do or not, if not, then, i go outside to spend a time with my friends.
that is happening in the weekdays.
in the weekend, i must have a vacation and travel anywhere even if it is for two days only. in winter, i don't travel anywhere, it is only gym or go out with my friends.
i like swimming and dancing very much, i like riding horses as well, but, actually it is very rare to practice riding it a lot.
yes, but i don't read a lot.
look, the last book
no, not the last book, but, we can say that the book which really touched me was a very different book, it is not related to increasing knowledge or information, it is a book called "hebta", i think you will find many people know it, i felt it is a book talking about real life.
it is not the best book, but, it touched me personally. i am not going to tell you a quote from this book, but, i will tell you my favorite quote which i usually follow through all my life, it said " believe you can and you're half way there".
the story of the last movie i watched.
it was at the cinema, it was an arabic film actually, not english, it is called "men's secret club"
, tell you? the story.
okay, in general, it was talking that people were different there. my friends told me to go and watch it, because they told me the boys are very very bad, and look what they are doing. look, finally the goal of this movie that boys are having their own world.
my personal opinion is how a girl can deal with boys without losing herself, and let the boy thinks by another way, and at the same time girls must think and put plans  .
very much, i like listening to songs very much.
no, i like anything, arabic and english, and any type of song, there isn't a certain type of songs.
i listen to sad songs, but, i don't like to hear this type of songs a lot as it can depress me, do you understand?  .
during the time of university, i was at something called .. do you want me to say its name? okay, there was something related to the stock exchange, but, i was responsible for the media department there.
there was another thing, yes, it was a charity, i was the one responsible for the charity there.
we were helping people from .. from inside the university, the university became to have a role.
there was another thing, it was entertainment, those 3 things together, those were things i liked mostly. when, i was at school, there wasn't anything from these.
look, i am here at the .. at the channel of this university, i am the presenter.
look, since i was a child, my dream job was to be a presenter, so, if i didn't take the chance to work there, i would .. actually i was asking anyone about a job, i.e. to have a job.
that was really.
so, till i came here, yes, i am working with the university, but, in another online channel not related to the university, so, still more than 1 person tell me that it is very difficult and it is better to leave this job, but, it is difficult to find another, then, i insist on the .. that's why here or there it will be my dream job.
i have taken my internship in berlin from a very short time.
it was something related to the social media, but mostly fashion, they said as i am the presenter so, of course i will have a background about fashion and style, so, i can help.
it was for two to three weeks only and returned back.
look, every stage has its own positive points, i miss those days. when i was a student i was enjoying my life, i was sleeping or going outside at any time, but, now i feel with more stress.
at the time when i was a student, i was feeling with stress, but, now i know that stress is much more.
you think you want to get old, want to be better, think what the next step is.
this is good and that's good, but, of course what i am in is good as well.
yes, i traveled to paris before, but, it was a from a very long time.
i traveled to berlin as well, more than 1 time.
i traveled to italy.
mostly were outings.
i traveled to malaysia because one of my relatives is from malaysia, that's why i went there.
i traveled to thailand.
every place has its own culture, so, it is something good to know different and new things.
look, thailand is the most different culture from us and from any other culture, because in thailand, the religion is buddhism., it is a very different religion.
the ..  the food was awful  .
actually, i didn't find anything i can eat there.
they are eating insects and uncooked food.
in malaysia, it was a little bit asian, yes, it was similar to it, but in malaysia is a country which has foreigners and it has everything you need. so, everything has .. has the .. things known by its country, every country has its own culture.
of course europe is something completely different.
we are talking on something completely different.
maybe what makes asia different, that it has many activities like swimming with an elephant, or anything related to fun.
but, europe known by its high urbanization.
venice and milano, why? because.
why? because,  venice it is an extremely good country, the idea that the way of your transportation is by using something like a small boat, makes you feel that everything is going with ease and lightness. actually you can feel with a great elegance.
and milano, because it is known by fashion, and i adore something called fashion, there is an elegance in the .. in the .. in the .. way of walking, not the way to wear the clothes, but, in the way of walking itself.
that is me, this is as my personality.
no. at first, i will think, because it will depend on the job, what it will be this bob, if it is something i like or not? what is he language used?
so, if it is paris, i will tell you okay, because i was learning french at the school time.
but, still, what will be the job?
am i going to like this job or not?
is is it good or not?
is it .. is it going to suit me or am i going to switch and change the career?
all of these are going to make a difference with me, if i am going to agree or not.
traveled  .
not too much as well.
there are many things i don't know.
i went before to luxor and aswan.
i want to go to dahab, i never went there.
i went before to alexandria, and all these .. known places.
but, it was too many here in egypt.  .
and of course i went to fayoum before.
but, i didn't go to many places here in cairo.
from 2 years ago, i had a big accident.
i lost memory for we can say two or three days.
days i don't remember at all.
and the accident was not here in cairo, it happened in another governorate.
, i can't remember, there are many details as well i can't remember, but, i heard and i knew that i was almost near to lose my life in a second.
i was receiving a treatment for 4 months, i was having many injuries in my body result from this accident.
in every place in my body.
without telling you details.
but, after i knew that i lost memory and i knew that it was for two three days it is a short time, so, i found that i am still able to remember any old memories except the details of the accident, that's why i asked myself why am i feeling upset? there is nothing to make me feel upset.
from that time of the accident, my way of thinking changed. for example: if there is something happened that might annoy me, so, i will take the decision to think if it is something deserves to get upset on it or not. the same, if lost a job or i argued with someone, because there are other important things to thin about.
look, both are good, but, sometimes i think if i am going to work with a team so, i will depend on them, and i may not work, but, if i am going to work by myself, then, i will work more and faster.  .
i usually encourage and motivate.
i am from the persons who usually gives motivation to people.
i have to encourage and give motivation and start by saying that if we are not going to do x, then, what can we do, trying to save what is remained  .
of course my manager, and if we are talking about someone outside the university, then, it will be of course my father and my mother.
of course because they are the ones who are usually motivate and encourage me on everything in my life whether a job, relation or anything in my life.
they are the most persons who can support me, even in the worst situations.  .
respected, because if people .. if they respect you, they will be already .. already liked from .. from all the people, but, if you are liked, then, it is not a condition to be respected.
you can be liked because of .. your look, something good you did, but, not for your personality.
no, it is a little bit easy, because i always like to spend time at home, actually i am not very sociable with people.
if it is less, no.
if it is too much, so, i .. i find myself can't deal very much.
i feel they are different.
i feel they are in attitude where i can't be fake because there is too much fakeness.
look, it is something i like and don't like at the same time in my personality, that i am very kind with the people, and that is something .. good and bad at the same time.
why is it good?
why is it good? because i can't leave a person who needs a help from me without supporting him/her.
i, it is must be me .. it is not .. it is not something mandatory, but, i like to help, i like to work, i like to talk, i like to stand, i like like like, but, at the same time, there is a point i reach where i feel that i stressed on myself.
you are kind, so, there is no problem if we stressed on her.
lying.
sometimes i feel i am cool.  .
something weird?
look, there is something i usually do, but it is slightly weird, for example: if i bought any earring, whatever it is, there is right side and left side, so, i have to wear the right piece in the right side, and the left piece on the right side, and it must be returned, and if this not happened, then, it will be one of the big problems.
if i knew that the person who is talking in front of me is lying, so, this .. this stressed me and i feel that i can't prove the oppposite.
acting  .
yes , i usually do this.
i usually interfere different topics together to show my qualifications, that i have x, y, z  .
look, if i am talking with a close person, then, she will know that i am telling her fake things, but, if i talked with someone not close to me, she would get impressed with my way in thinking, and that is not real.  .
no, impossible.
all my life depends on it.
i have whatsapp and instagram, actually all my work is on it
i use instagram and social media in general for my work, so, mobile phone is all my life.
okay. i can convince you to do career shift and become presenters.
why to be presenters? because now you if i am going to do an interview you didn't think for example  i while doing this interview with her, is she a presenter or not, and then what?
no.
so, i see that while doing an interview with me, you put a great confidence in yourself.
arranged your questions.
you did a script or both of you did a very good script.
you talked with a very organized way to prove yourselves as presenters.
therefore, this makes me see that the question was arranged, everything was going organized, and the script itself was prepared, actually all the ideas are ready.
so, this makes me feel convinced that you can be presenters.
so, this can make you ask yourselves, why am i not be a presenter?
i succeeded in .. in the .. in the thing i am doing, and in asking her the questions and she answered all the questions, and we didn't feel that she lost, but on the other hand i found that everything was going smoothly and arranged, and that of course will let you feel self confidence to become presenters.
it is not related to the certificate at all.
yes, i am a masscom graduate, but all .. half the number of the people .. half the number of people who work in this field
the talent and self confidence.
if you felt with a high self confidence, then, this will help to let you become a presenter.  .
i am from alexandria.
my background is i was at national school, english only.
i went to the university .. faculty of engineering, i already took the decision to go to the faculty of engineering.
in the beginning, i took the decision to go to mechatronics and then i took the decision to switch to another department.
by studying, i liked computer engineering in general, computer science as programming in specific.
so, i shifted .. i shifted the major, and i decided to study computer science. later on, i decided to shift the major once again, i decided to change and study another subjects in computer science, because i liked to study these subjects.
that's it .. that happened at the 2nd year .. the decision .. i took the decision from the 2nd year at university, but actually after the first term i felt i need to change and shift to another section.
what are we studying in computer science?
okay. it is mainly programming and then we have studied theoretical subjects related to computer and computer programming. and then, we studied things related to signals audio video processing and image processing.
and mainly this is what we have taken and studied or we can say this is what at least i enjoyed or cared to study.
moreover, there were courses about course hardware, but, i didn't enjoy or care studying it.
my bachelor project was talking about hci and machine learning and image processing all together. it was a facial emotion recognition, and it wasn't here in egypt, it was at a university in germany in stuttgart.
i have worked on this project, doing research for 3 months and implementation for another 3 months and that's it.
that .. that's what i remember about my project.
and by the end of this project, we got output only.
oh  later on, i decided to continue my study and do masters as long as i liked the academic field because i liked doing research and reading papers. in general, research is even more important than the idea of teaching itself.
i liked the academic field very much because i felt with the creativity, and everyday i read and learn new things and i can shift the field easily, without doing any modularity things.
my daily routine, when i wake up in the morning, i take a shower and go to the work, except at the weekends, so, i .. go to my work.
if i had time, i would drink coffee, and then start my work, if not, then, i start my work and during a free time i bring a coffee.
but, it is a must to have a coffee in the first 2 hours of my life and then continue my work, and later on after 4 or 5 hours i have coffee as well.
so, we can say that coffee is from the main things at my work, because it helps me to continue working.
but, sometimes i don't take my breakfast. breakfast is not a part from my daily routine. from my routine, once i woke up, it is a must to listen to songs, and these songs affect me positively while working or not.
i always listen to songs,  .. songs help me to concentrate. listening to songs help me to concentrate faster and help me to feel relax.
that's my daily routine .. my routine depends mainly on coffee and music.
i listen more to arabic songs because i like old arabic songs .. i listen to any singer, so, i can't tell you a specific one whom i listen to.
i can tell you a name, but, we can't say that this is the only singer whom i listen to his songs only and all the time, i like to hear many singers .. but mostly, i listen to arabic songs and oriental music. if i got a chance to attend an oriental musical concert, i wouldn't miss this chance and go immediately.
in the weekends, i return back to my family in alexandria, as i am .. i am not from cairo.
a whole day i spend with my friends, at one of our friend's home.
i spend all the day and return back home late at night.
i spend all the saturday with my family and mainly on every saturday there are football games, so on saturday i watch football games and spend the day with my family.
yes, it is included in my day, but, it is not everyday, at least i read a book in a month, and most of the books i read are novels whether arabic or english, there is nothing specific. also, as i like writing, so, reading is very important for me.
no, i don't read books to .. i mean, for me books help me to increase experiences more than taking a specific quote. what attracts me is the story itself, not a certain quote, actually i don't concentrate on quotes while reading a book.
we can say that writing may help me to improve my way in writing, but, this doesn't mean borrow (quotation) any specific part from a book i read before.
okay. there is a book i have read from few months ago, it is not the last book i read, but it is .. it is from the books that influenced me, it is a book for tawfik el hakem called "people of the cave".
it is talking about the story of the "people of the cave" which is almost mentioned in all religions, but, the idea that he wrote it by a different way.
he imagined the characters of the story as if they are real persons we know or they are existing in this era. he started to imagine if those persons woke up and started to see things related to the real world they were already exist in from hundreds or thousands years ago .. i can't remember the number of years .. but the idea is how those persons are going to interact in the 2 eras.
because those persons are going to interact and according to the values they knew, they found everything changed and the society itself changed .. although this new society is the one they hoped to live in, but they found themselves can't adapt and there is a struggle inside them between this is the society they wished to live in before and their disability to adapt this new situation, although they woke up young aged .. without any change.
there is a movie called the perks of being a wallflower.
the movie is good, because it is talking about unsocial (introvert) person who is suffering from some psychological problems.
but, the main idea, i don't care to watch movies talking about unsocial persons.
mostly because .. they mainly focus on stories talking about social problems more than stories talking about introvert (unsocial) persons.
the character in the movie was suffering from a big problem during his high school, and the film showed us how this person started to deal with the situation .. the story itself contains many details.
but, it was a good movie, and its story is written in a book, and i read this book after watched the movie.
musician.
i like music.
i play music a little, but the idea is i like composing and .. and singing as well, but i am not sure if singing likes me as well or not, but at least .. the other things, yes.
so, .. yes, but the problem is, this needs effort and a very long time, and unfortunately we can't take all the things together.
okay. once before i did internship at .. at petroleum company  in a desert in hurghada at the mountains and it was something a little bit weird because it was something like a camp.
people there live like that, they live for 2 to 3 weeks and then, 2 to 3 weeks at their place as a vacation.
it was an experience, it was .. i was living alone by myself, and actually that doesn't matter with me, to accept the idea that i am living alone in a place away from any other people. you are living in a very little place, and that's .. that's all you know about the place you are working in, and it was a little bit weird.
it is not a must to learn something new, i might learn skills like technical work, i don't know how to rate my experience, but all i am sure about is i am not going to live this life, so, i took the decision to not work by this .. by this way or routine, i.e. a place of work and at the same time the place to take a vacation.
maybe it is my life when i was a student, because i didn't feel with the pressure of studying and projects.
pressure is not affecting me a lot.
so .. before, i didn't have responsibilities verses nowadays, i am responsible on myself, although i am living alone by myself, but, before, the responsibilities were not too much like today.
before, i was having the idea that for example: i am not able to do x now, i can do it later, but, now the situation is different, i can't do this and delay doing something, because actually i have many things must be done.
i mean i have to prepare the tutorial .. before, if i didn't study, then, it would affect me by not getting high grades, but nowadays, i have to prepare it because my conscience will not allow me to teach a tutorial without being well prepared, or  to wake up or whatever .
so, anyway, there is a pressure on me regarding things i have to do and rules i have to satisfy, although while i was a student, there were rules, but, it was not a must.
so, i think the .. the student life was less pressure although i can't say that i am feeling upset now.
i am not feeling upset, and at the same time the point of having pressure doesn't make a difference with me .. but i think it was more comfortable for me.
yes, i traveled for 6 months to do my master project.
no, tell me the next question.
okay. the point is in the experience of traveling, the point that i am living alone by myself doesn't matter for me, but at least i learned how to cook by myself.
i wasn't cooking here.
although i am living alone by myself, but, i .. making order for any food.
there, i learned how to cook just because there was a little free time than here.
so, .. this was one of the experiences.
there is something else, but it is something personal, the point is how to adapt myself alone in a place without knowing many people.
how, for example .. the point you know people who are close to you plus while traveling the situation differs, people differ when they traveled and go anywhere else.
and this experience is not only in masters, but also in bachelor and the master.
i think it is the same idea, we are not very far.
the people are very different, i mean you may find someone does something different than what he is doing here, and the oppposite, so, i have seen all the types of people.
so .. that was my personal experience, i learned many things in my life, for example not to expect a lot of expectation, because i found people may change after being far away and traveled. i understood that .. whatever happens is according to the circumstances.
actually there are many places i liked there. there is a place in switzerland called rhine falls, it is a water falls of a river called rhine, and for me it is a very good place.
i was going .. i was going there a lot.
it is not very near to me, but .. in many times i decided to take a day off just only to go there and enjoy the natural views there, to get relaxed.
yes, if i got the chance.
i already have offers.
i think, i will travel just i .. am convinced with the experience found there, it is good.
it is not the idea of just traveling, but it is the point that anything i need is better there.
so, it will be faster, the idea is .. not easier but faster and more efficient.
the biggest turning point in my life is when i took the decision to leave my family in alexandria, and came here to cairo and live by myself to study in the university, so, i think this is a big decision i took, and all my life changed after this decision and even all my relations with all my friends changed, i.e. all my life changed.
it made me independent person, until i reached a point where i can't be dependent anymore.
and i can't live with people, i get used to live alone by myself, so, it is not the easiest thing for me.
i think there are other things i liked as well, and i didn't know before that i like it i had free time so, i decided to try these new things and finally i discovered that i liked them.
all my life time was with my family, so, the point to try something new was difficult to be done, but, now i am feeling free, i can go anywhere and return at anytime, and i don't have to do something on certain time.
i liked to work in teams, even if the teams are not going to work or do anything. for me it is important to work in group because get bored if i worked alone.
but, i'm usually keen to know everything, and the role of everyone .. because of the details .. because the point is, as we are working in a group, so we have to collect all the work together, so, everyone must be updated .. updated to be able to complete the work and merge all things together with each other.
so, i like to work in teams however .. however i don't get upset if i am going to work alone, but i prefer to work in teams.
unfortunately, no.
i feel that everyone of us has good things and bad things, so, if i found someone does something good, so, i would try to do like this person, and if he did something wrong, so, i will not neglect it and not follow him doing this.
but .. but  overall i can't choose someone to be my role model, because of course this person is not an angel and not doing any mistakes or wrong things, we are humans by the end.
i will answer i'd rather be respected from all people, because i feel convinced by this.
liked, i prefer to be liked by the people around me  because in general, i try to let people respect me, i don't make a fool of myself, i always try to keep my dignity.
but, for the people who are close to me, i don't want them to feel with my dignity or whatever, they are dealing with me already on a personal level.
we are dealing like anyone, like .. with my family.
with my family, i don't care with the point of dealing with me in respect, but, the most important is love, i don't mean liking, but, the point of love itself.
no, i will need time, because i am not a sociable person with the persons whom i don't know before.
so, i .. i am the type of persons who sit at a corner by myself without talking with persons i met for the 1st time, although if there are many people, then i can start to talk and share with them.
but, it is not easy for me to start talking.
the start is usually hard for me.
i don't like to talk or share with anyone i don't know.
as i dealt with many different people because of the experiences i have.
i live alone by myself and i met many people so, .. i have seen many people from different social levels and from different cultures, so, it is not social level only.
it is not social level related to economic state, but i mean different social levels and different religions.
also, when i traveled, i met people there who are not of high standard level at all, and even that there was a respect in the way of dealing and that is something good, and i already have friends from there.
if this person is a close one, on a personal level, so, i don't like to be selfish person, if he is a person not close to me, then, i don't like to be stupid.
i can't tolerate stupidity, if it is from a person who is not close to me, and i don't like selfishness from the close persons, because at a point, this will affect me.
we can say emotional problems whether with my family, god or with my friends, other than that i don't feel with stress, neither work nor study can let m feel with stress.
maybe.
as it is emotional, so, we can say it is loneliness as well.
so, it is this or that.
so, it could be the point of loneliness or if i have emotional problem with .. with the persons who are close to me.
, definitely, i am not saying any non understandable things.
i say words to the point, but it is not a must that these are the words the want to hear.
but, yes, i may do this.
or did that.
but, not to say non understandable words.
because i am sure that this person sits in front me, has a great experience and he is able to evaluate me, so, for sure he will understand anything i am going to say, and will catch me if i am saying any meaningless words.
and as i mentioned before that it is important for me to find people respect me, so, i am not going to lose my dignity.
and at this point, i will say this evaluation is not important for me to be done.
i don't know.
i .. i didn't use social .. social networks for a very long time before, so, it's no problem, that was for months.
no, i didn't get upset.
but, i think without using mobile, there must be a different life to live.
by this way, i will not be able to work as ta and the mobile phone is not going to be a part of my life, and will not be a way helps to communicate with others.
but .. is the telephone will be available?
i mean, i can contact other people easily, right?
so, yes, there is no problem as long as there is another way of communication that can help me to contact with others.
it is not a must to have a mobile phone.
so, the most important for me, that there is a way i can reach them.
okay. so, i will try to convince you to continue you career as an academic field, and not continue in this regular type of work.
why? because we are living in egypt, and as we're both working in the same field, the .. the available opportunities are  in jobs that are repetitive .
so, in academic field, we don't have opportunities in the field of industry and it is something routine, it is not repeated and there is a creativity.
the only thing that is characterized by creativity without boring is the research in general and the academic life.
because in the academic life, you are dealing with students and doctors every day.
and when attending conferences, you should ideally attend many conferences so you get to know people from different universities, different networks, different social levels with different cultures.
so, this is a good and comfortable.
plus there isn't the concept of deadlines, where you're supposed to have a certain task that should be done by a certain time because the
no, in the academic life, you are feeling free.
that is if you want to .. want to .. you're the doctor, so you're in control of the course, if you want to modify it, you want to be more creative, you want to do some research, and if you get tired of research, then you can take some time off research and continue teaching and that's it.
you are the one who can control and mange the time, and after you finished teaching, then, you can go without any control.
but, here in egypt, at least if you are having a task, then, you have to do all your best until completing it.
you may need to stay at night working, you are going to live or die, but, the most important is to finish your task.
plus, you are going to have this type of clients who are going to ask you to change the things they need and you are going to start to repeat the work you did again, and this is not found here with us.
you .. you are the one who did your own research.
you .. you are the one who thought in the idea and took the decision.
so, you are the one who implement your own idea.
you are the one who know how to do it.
you go and present your own idea.
you are the one who have a control on himself.
and i think, the point of academic has no boss.
there is a boss, who is for sure higher than you in the position, but the way of dealing is not .. is not related by .. you are doctor like him, you have publications and he has publications as well, so, bot of you are talking on academic level, it is not like an order and you have to do.
this is not available in the academic life at all.
so, i would recommend you to start doing masters, and you are not going to lose anything, at least you are going to try new fields and this will help you to know what you like most, because i don’t think the bachelor studies are enough to help you what you need to do at least at the place we are in.
and maybe .. at that time decide.
or most of the people who do masters and research like the .. the .. like more the academic career.
and if you didn't like, you are not going to lose anything, you have a degree, and with this degree you will be able to use it at any other place, plus you are better than other people, because you have a degree which is something not the certificate itself, but, you learned as well and you are developed at this period of time.
i am from nasr city .. cairo, nasr city.
i was going to national school, and i was studying english and french.
since i was at secondary stage, i .. i went to the faculty of commerce, english section .. when, i was at the secondary stage, i was studying biology, but, i liked to go faculty of commerce english section, and at the same time i want to study biology, but, i don't want to go to the faculty of pharmacy.
so, since i was at the secondary stage i took my decision to go to the faculty of commerce english section, even, if i got high grade, and this is what i done, thanks god.
i have a baby and he is the one who wakes me up very very early.
we wake up preparing the breakfast, then, we wear our clothes and go outside to arrive my baby to the nursery and then arrive to work.
yes, for sure there must be a day specific for my son, to go outside together, something suitable for his age, and another day for an outing with our friends.
no.
no skip i remember nothing.
yes, i like listening to music.
i like listening to arabic sings to amr diab.
i will enroll him god's willing in french international.
why? because my husband was french and i can see that it was very beneficial at work, so to be second .. language first and english to be second he would still be good at both that's why i will enroll him in french.
well, i have always wanted to be an accountant in a company.
my father wanted me to work at banks but i didn't want banks system so i was determined to work at a company.
yes, for sure i did internships when i was at college and it was in banks after finishing college i worked at a company it was my first job and then i worked here.
no i prefer my life when i was a student honestly, because the responsibility was less, at work definitely the responsibility is much more and then i got married and have a baby so no frankly before life was much better .
yes, i have traveled before.
i traveled to thailand .. traveled to thailand.
and definitely i don't want to go there once more it's once and that's it  it was very beautiful and i would like to see another country god's willing actually spain would be the next step.
definitely i will do this because i need a better future for my son.
and he will affect my decision whether the country is suitable to live in it with my husband, and my son or not.
the country is okay, there is no problem and there would be better future for my son.
definitely, i will go of course god's willing.
look there is more than one place, in spain, and in france, and in italy a new country actually.
why? to see new things. monuments there, outings there, different life, it's different than egypt actually.
yes.
well, it's the favorite place for me for me i have to travel to el gouna once per year i mean for 4 years we have to travel to el gouna every year.
this is the place we enjoy visiting the most in egypt.
when i gave birth  when i gave birth, it was a turning point in my life actually.
what changed in my character?
i felt that i'm the life for someone else, i mean he depends on me in everything i have no idea .. i mean i can't do anything without him for example so it was the turning point in my life for example.
no at college i liked working in teams because we come up with new ideas with each other, help each other, we think in different directions which makes us see different things that i didn't see alone. so, working in teams is of course much better.
my father, my father is my role model.
he is the best person i have ever seen in you life.
there is someone at work also reminds me of my father, as well i haven't seen anybody like him.
he is a respected person, that help people, who make no harm to anybody, he is a person who do good for others, so actually both of them are the best people i have ever seen in life.
respected.
respected is .. forced to like me i mean forced %h .. he will look good to me but like this is not anybody,, i mean i can't like you, but respect if you are fine that's it i will respect .
well i took time slightly till understanding the other person but it's fine %h .. %h i mean i will go on with him, if i don't feet at ease there would be boundaries so i take time and people get to know me say that we thought that we were totally different it's only to know if the other person is good or not.
it can be if i felt that he is a person who doesn't want good for others or who is gossiping about people, if i shared something with him and i knew that he shared it with others which actually happened before and is currently actually happening with someone, that's it will be closed his file that's it i don't want to know him again.
me for example like to keep actually .. i mean keep secrets and like good for others these are the two things that i like to find in others and like good for others thank god really.
no no i have no problem in this issue, i can adapt with others, i mean it's normal .
work and the .. home responsibility, the baby i mean not responsibility .. the baby these are the most things .. both together sometime i need to slightly take a break, so the issue is very hard actually.
well, it's of course  i mean try actually because my son doesn't spend much time with me so i try after returning back %b .. spend all time with him as i mentioned that on weekend and we go out with him to compensate him that we don't spend much time with him during the week.
the work you are at work so there is no problem but it's %k .. stress no more.
no, i have just been in this problem recently and i said i have no idea that's it actually i mean it's not .. not i will not be able to talk and it seems that i don't know so that's it i will not embarrass myself and i don't know there is no problem actually  .
no, no he accepted that there is no problem, he asked me another question.
no, i can't live without a mobile.
why because i will feel that it's safe for people who will be far away from me, i mean my son, husband and parents.
i can go to my parents but sometimes for example when i'm tired it's much easier to call him so the mobile is something crucial now. no no  .
you have to travel abroad
you have to travel abroad i mean we are older than you and we are trying to take this step actually.
and the education is much better
and what i'm paying as well may be is not equivalent of what i'm getting.
so, currently i focus on my son this is the step in which i'm in right now i want him to live a life hundred times better than me.
for better future god's willing